![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

# Live different than the rest.

__

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/themes/blackbay/img/transparent-
triangle.png)

## RESIDENTIAL RENTAL LISTINGS

# Residential

Homes that are inspired by the world around them. Focusing on clean lines and
modern touches, each of our spaces are created as uniquely as those who live
in them.

View listings

# Anything but cookie cutter.

Your space is a reflection of your individuality, your creativity, and your
passions. That’s why every single one of our buildings start with a new plan
to build unique, beautiful, liveable spaces that are each distinct. Letting
the environment dictate the outcome, we focus on preserving heritage when we
can, and using the bones of the structure to determine the look, feel, and
function of every single one of our buildings.

Our residential and commercial buildings can be found predominantly throughout
the city of Halifax, with a scattering of them around the rest of the
province. Each space is full of life; a manifestation of modernity meeting
history, a strong sense of originality, and an appreciation for beauty. Move
away from the sameness. Move in to a Blackbay home.

Learn more

# Commercial

Buildings that suit your needs — no matter what they are. With the option to
buy or to lease, you can find the perfect space for your business.

View listings

# Want to be inspired by the space around you?

Contact Us

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS

© 2024 BlackBay Group Inc.. All rights reserved.


    <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><rss version="2.0"
    	xmlns:content="http://purl.org/rss/1.0/modules/content/"
    	xmlns:wfw="http://wellformedweb.org/CommentAPI/"
    	xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/"
    	xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom"
    	xmlns:sy="http://purl.org/rss/1.0/modules/syndication/"
    	xmlns:slash="http://purl.org/rss/1.0/modules/slash/"
    	>
    
    <channel>
    	<title>BlackBay Group Inc.</title>
    	<atom:link href="https://blackbaygroup.ca/feed/" rel="self" type="application/rss+xml" />
    	<link>https://blackbaygroup.ca</link>
    	<description>Live different than the rest</description>
    	<lastBuildDate>Wed, 20 Mar 2024 14:27:37 +0000</lastBuildDate>
    	<language>en-CA</language>
    	<sy:updatePeriod>
    	hourly	</sy:updatePeriod>
    	<sy:updateFrequency>
    	1	</sy:updateFrequency>
    	<generator>https://wordpress.org/?v=6.5</generator>
    
    <image>
    	<url>https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/cropped-blackbay-favicon-32x32.png</url>
    	<title>BlackBay Group Inc.</title>
    	<link>https://blackbaygroup.ca</link>
    	<width>32</width>
    	<height>32</height>
    </image> 
    </channel>
    </rss>
    

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

# ABOUT BLACKBAY

We’re a small team obsessed with the intersection of traditional and
contemporary. Initially a passion project, in 2006 we jumped into real estate
head first with a strong focus on rehabilitating incredible residential and
commercial spaces around Halifax. Now, we’ve got a portfolio filled with
beautiful buildings — light, space, modernity and character are what we’re
drawn towards.

Our rehabilitations bring out the natural beauty in a building. All of our
renovations are very environmentally friendly, repurposing and reusing as much
of the existing structure as possible. We’ll even use removed pieces as
elements in new builds or design updates of other spaces. Every BlackBay space
is designed uniquely, and no two are ever the same.

Both our residential and commercial buildings have options to rent or buy, and
we have a full time property management team. We’re a dedicated team who care
deeply about our spaces and the people within them. When you live in a
BlackBay home, you live different than the rest.

You can check out our Residential and Commercial spaces, or Contact Us to
learn more.

# blackbay’s milestones

Previous

Next

Previous

__

2013

__

2015

__

2017

__

2018

__

2006

__

2008

__

2010

__

2011

__

2013

__

2015

__

2017

__

2018

__

2006

__

2008

__

2010

__

2011

__

2013

__

2015

__

2017

__

2018

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7
  * 8

Bringing everything together, we rebrand the group of companies as BlackBay
Group.

Everyone has to start somewhere: the first “flip” project was acquired.

Dreaming big, we purchased our first multi-unit building.

We made things official and AMK Barrett Investments Inc. was incorporated.

Noticing the growing rental market in the city, we purchased our first
commercial rental property.

Jumping right in, we build our first custom home—a new lakefront property for
resale.

Our first newsworthy moment, we purchase St. Patrick’s Glebe Property for
redevelopment and apply for a high-rise development agreement.

Planning out the future, we acquire several large commercial development sites
(currently under development & planning review).

Group.




commercial rental property.

resale.



Group.

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

# ABOUT BLACKBAY

drawn towards.



learn more.

# blackbay’s milestones

Previous

Next

Previous

__

2013

__

2015

__

2017

__

2018

__

2006

__

2008

__

2010

__

2011

__

2013

__

2015

__

2017

__

2018

__

2006

__

2008

__

2010

__

2011

__

2013

__

2015

__

2017

__

2018

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7
  * 8

Group.




commercial rental property.

resale.



Group.




commercial rental property.

resale.



Group.

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

# Contact BlackBay Real Estate Group

`←`| Move left  
---|---  
`→`| Move right  
`↑`| Move up  
`↓`| Move down  
`+`| Zoom in  
`-`| Zoom out  
`Home`| Jump left by 75%  
`End`| Jump right by 75%  
`Page Up`| Jump up by 75%  
`Page Down`| Jump down by 75%  
  
![](https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/vt?pb=!1m5!1m4!1i15!2i10597!3i11831!4i256!2m3!1e0!2sm!3i687432441!3m17!2sen-
US!3sUS!5e18!12m4!1e68!2m2!1sset!2sRoadmap!12m3!1e37!2m1!1ssmartmaps!12m4!1e26!2m2!1sstyles!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!4e0!5m1!5f2&key=AIzaSyDaoJHIfiCoCLbOPVV_aK-
uFXmta91ZBiU&token=103338)

![](https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/vt?pb=!1m5!1m4!1i15!2i10597!3i11832!4i256!2m3!1e0!2sm!3i687432441!3m17!2sen-
US!3sUS!5e18!12m4!1e68!2m2!1sset!2sRoadmap!12m3!1e37!2m1!1ssmartmaps!12m4!1e26!2m2!1sstyles!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!4e0!5m1!5f2&key=AIzaSyDaoJHIfiCoCLbOPVV_aK-
uFXmta91ZBiU&token=76148)

![](https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/vt?pb=!1m5!1m4!1i15!2i10595!3i11832!4i256!2m3!1e0!2sm!3i687432441!3m17!2sen-
US!3sUS!5e18!12m4!1e68!2m2!1sset!2sRoadmap!12m3!1e37!2m1!1ssmartmaps!12m4!1e26!2m2!1sstyles!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!4e0!5m1!5f2&key=AIzaSyDaoJHIfiCoCLbOPVV_aK-
uFXmta91ZBiU&token=3614)

![](https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/vt?pb=!1m5!1m4!1i15!2i10595!3i11831!4i256!2m3!1e0!2sm!3i687432441!3m17!2sen-
US!3sUS!5e18!12m4!1e68!2m2!1sset!2sRoadmap!12m3!1e37!2m1!1ssmartmaps!12m4!1e26!2m2!1sstyles!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!4e0!5m1!5f2&key=AIzaSyDaoJHIfiCoCLbOPVV_aK-
uFXmta91ZBiU&token=30804)

![](https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/vt?pb=!1m5!1m4!1i15!2i10594!3i11832!4i256!2m3!1e0!2sm!3i687432441!3m17!2sen-
US!3sUS!5e18!12m4!1e68!2m2!1sset!2sRoadmap!12m3!1e37!2m1!1ssmartmaps!12m4!1e26!2m2!1sstyles!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!4e0!5m1!5f2&key=AIzaSyDaoJHIfiCoCLbOPVV_aK-
uFXmta91ZBiU&token=98418)

![](https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/vt?pb=!1m5!1m4!1i15!2i10596!3i11831!4i256!2m3!1e0!2sm!3i687432441!3m17!2sen-
US!3sUS!5e18!12m4!1e68!2m2!1sset!2sRoadmap!12m3!1e37!2m1!1ssmartmaps!12m4!1e26!2m2!1sstyles!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!4e0!5m1!5f2&key=AIzaSyDaoJHIfiCoCLbOPVV_aK-
uFXmta91ZBiU&token=67071)

![](https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/vt?pb=!1m5!1m4!1i15!2i10596!3i11832!4i256!2m3!1e0!2sm!3i687432441!3m17!2sen-
US!3sUS!5e18!12m4!1e68!2m2!1sset!2sRoadmap!12m3!1e37!2m1!1ssmartmaps!12m4!1e26!2m2!1sstyles!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!4e0!5m1!5f2&key=AIzaSyDaoJHIfiCoCLbOPVV_aK-
uFXmta91ZBiU&token=39881)

![](https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/vt?pb=!1m5!1m4!1i15!2i10594!3i11831!4i256!2m3!1e0!2sm!3i687432441!3m17!2sen-
US!3sUS!5e18!12m4!1e68!2m2!1sset!2sRoadmap!12m3!1e37!2m1!1ssmartmaps!12m4!1e26!2m2!1sstyles!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!4e0!5m1!5f2&key=AIzaSyDaoJHIfiCoCLbOPVV_aK-
uFXmta91ZBiU&token=125608)

To navigate, press the arrow keys.

![](https://maps.gstatic.com/mapfiles/transparent.png)

Map

  * Terrain

Satellite

  * Labels

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23666%22%20d%3D%22M0%200v6h2V2h4V0H0zm16%200h-4v2h4v4h2V0h-2zm0%2016h-4v2h6v-6h-2v4zM2%2012H0v6h6v-2H2v-4z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23333%22%20d%3D%22M0%200v6h2V2h4V0H0zm16%200h-4v2h4v4h2V0h-2zm0%2016h-4v2h6v-6h-2v4zM2%2012H0v6h6v-2H2v-4z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23111%22%20d%3D%22M0%200v6h2V2h4V0H0zm16%200h-4v2h4v4h2V0h-2zm0%2016h-4v2h6v-6h-2v4zM2%2012H0v6h6v-2H2v-4z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2024%2024%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22none%22%20d%3D%22M0%200h24v24H0V0z%22/%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23666%22%20d%3D%22M12.06%209.06l4-4-4-4-1.41%201.41%201.59%201.59h-.18c-2.3%200-4.6.88-6.35%202.64-3.52%203.51-3.52%209.21%200%2012.72%201.5%201.5%203.4%202.36%205.36%202.58v-2.02c-1.44-.21-2.84-.86-3.95-1.97-2.73-2.73-2.73-7.17%200-9.9%201.37-1.37%203.16-2.05%204.95-2.05h.17l-1.59%201.59%201.41%201.41zm8.94%203c-.19-1.74-.88-3.32-1.91-4.61l-1.43%201.43c.69.92%201.15%202%201.32%203.18H21zm-7.94%207.92V22c1.74-.19%203.32-.88%204.61-1.91l-1.43-1.43c-.91.68-2%201.15-3.18%201.32zm4.6-2.74l1.43%201.43c1.04-1.29%201.72-2.88%201.91-4.61h-2.02c-.17%201.18-.64%202.27-1.32%203.18z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2024%2024%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22none%22%20d%3D%22M0%200h24v24H0V0z%22/%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23333%22%20d%3D%22M12.06%209.06l4-4-4-4-1.41%201.41%201.59%201.59h-.18c-2.3%200-4.6.88-6.35%202.64-3.52%203.51-3.52%209.21%200%2012.72%201.5%201.5%203.4%202.36%205.36%202.58v-2.02c-1.44-.21-2.84-.86-3.95-1.97-2.73-2.73-2.73-7.17%200-9.9%201.37-1.37%203.16-2.05%204.95-2.05h.17l-1.59%201.59%201.41%201.41zm8.94%203c-.19-1.74-.88-3.32-1.91-4.61l-1.43%201.43c.69.92%201.15%202%201.32%203.18H21zm-7.94%207.92V22c1.74-.19%203.32-.88%204.61-1.91l-1.43-1.43c-.91.68-2%201.15-3.18%201.32zm4.6-2.74l1.43%201.43c1.04-1.29%201.72-2.88%201.91-4.61h-2.02c-.17%201.18-.64%202.27-1.32%203.18z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2024%2024%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22none%22%20d%3D%22M0%200h24v24H0V0z%22/%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23111%22%20d%3D%22M12.06%209.06l4-4-4-4-1.41%201.41%201.59%201.59h-.18c-2.3%200-4.6.88-6.35%202.64-3.52%203.51-3.52%209.21%200%2012.72%201.5%201.5%203.4%202.36%205.36%202.58v-2.02c-1.44-.21-2.84-.86-3.95-1.97-2.73-2.73-2.73-7.17%200-9.9%201.37-1.37%203.16-2.05%204.95-2.05h.17l-1.59%201.59%201.41%201.41zm8.94%203c-.19-1.74-.88-3.32-1.91-4.61l-1.43%201.43c.69.92%201.15%202%201.32%203.18H21zm-7.94%207.92V22c1.74-.19%203.32-.88%204.61-1.91l-1.43-1.43c-.91.68-2%201.15-3.18%201.32zm4.6-2.74l1.43%201.43c1.04-1.29%201.72-2.88%201.91-4.61h-2.02c-.17%201.18-.64%202.27-1.32%203.18z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2024%2024%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22none%22%20d%3D%22M0%200h24v24H0V0z%22/%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23666%22%20d%3D%22M12.06%209.06l4-4-4-4-1.41%201.41%201.59%201.59h-.18c-2.3%200-4.6.88-6.35%202.64-3.52%203.51-3.52%209.21%200%2012.72%201.5%201.5%203.4%202.36%205.36%202.58v-2.02c-1.44-.21-2.84-.86-3.95-1.97-2.73-2.73-2.73-7.17%200-9.9%201.37-1.37%203.16-2.05%204.95-2.05h.17l-1.59%201.59%201.41%201.41zm8.94%203c-.19-1.74-.88-3.32-1.91-4.61l-1.43%201.43c.69.92%201.15%202%201.32%203.18H21zm-7.94%207.92V22c1.74-.19%203.32-.88%204.61-1.91l-1.43-1.43c-.91.68-2%201.15-3.18%201.32zm4.6-2.74l1.43%201.43c1.04-1.29%201.72-2.88%201.91-4.61h-2.02c-.17%201.18-.64%202.27-1.32%203.18z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2024%2024%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22none%22%20d%3D%22M0%200h24v24H0V0z%22/%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23333%22%20d%3D%22M12.06%209.06l4-4-4-4-1.41%201.41%201.59%201.59h-.18c-2.3%200-4.6.88-6.35%202.64-3.52%203.51-3.52%209.21%200%2012.72%201.5%201.5%203.4%202.36%205.36%202.58v-2.02c-1.44-.21-2.84-.86-3.95-1.97-2.73-2.73-2.73-7.17%200-9.9%201.37-1.37%203.16-2.05%204.95-2.05h.17l-1.59%201.59%201.41%201.41zm8.94%203c-.19-1.74-.88-3.32-1.91-4.61l-1.43%201.43c.69.92%201.15%202%201.32%203.18H21zm-7.94%207.92V22c1.74-.19%203.32-.88%204.61-1.91l-1.43-1.43c-.91.68-2%201.15-3.18%201.32zm4.6-2.74l1.43%201.43c1.04-1.29%201.72-2.88%201.91-4.61h-2.02c-.17%201.18-.64%202.27-1.32%203.18z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2024%2024%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22none%22%20d%3D%22M0%200h24v24H0V0z%22/%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23111%22%20d%3D%22M12.06%209.06l4-4-4-4-1.41%201.41%201.59%201.59h-.18c-2.3%200-4.6.88-6.35%202.64-3.52%203.51-3.52%209.21%200%2012.72%201.5%201.5%203.4%202.36%205.36%202.58v-2.02c-1.44-.21-2.84-.86-3.95-1.97-2.73-2.73-2.73-7.17%200-9.9%201.37-1.37%203.16-2.05%204.95-2.05h.17l-1.59%201.59%201.41%201.41zm8.94%203c-.19-1.74-.88-3.32-1.91-4.61l-1.43%201.43c.69.92%201.15%202%201.32%203.18H21zm-7.94%207.92V22c1.74-.19%203.32-.88%204.61-1.91l-1.43-1.43c-.91.68-2%201.15-3.18%201.32zm4.6-2.74l1.43%201.43c1.04-1.29%201.72-2.88%201.91-4.61h-2.02c-.17%201.18-.64%202.27-1.32%203.18z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2016%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23666%22%20d%3D%22M0%2016h8V9H0v7zm10%200h8V9h-8v7zM0%207h8V0H0v7zm10-7v7h8V0h-8z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2016%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23333%22%20d%3D%22M0%2016h8V9H0v7zm10%200h8V9h-8v7zM0%207h8V0H0v7zm10-7v7h8V0h-8z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2016%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23111%22%20d%3D%22M0%2016h8V9H0v7zm10%200h8V9h-8v7zM0%207h8V0H0v7zm10-7v7h8V0h-8z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![Street View Pegman
Control](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2023%2038%22%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M16.6%2038.1h-5.5l-.2-2.9-.2%202.9h-5.5L5%2025.3l-.8%202a1.53%201.53%200%2001-1.9.9l-1.2-.4a1.58%201.58%200%2001-1-1.9v-.1c.3-.9%203.1-11.2%203.1-11.2a2.66%202.66%200%20012.3-2l.6-.5a6.93%206.93%200%20014.7-12%206.8%206.8%200%20014.9%202%207%207%200%20012%204.9%206.65%206.65%200%2001-2.2%205l.7.5a2.78%202.78%200%20012.4%202s2.9%2011.2%202.9%2011.3a1.53%201.53%200%2001-.9%201.9l-1.3.4a1.63%201.63%200%2001-1.9-.9l-.7-1.8-.1%2012.7zm-3.6-2h1.7L14.9%2020.3l1.9-.3%202.4%206.3.3-.1c-.2-.8-.8-3.2-2.8-10.9a.63.63%200%2000-.6-.5h-.6l-1.1-.9h-1.9l-.3-2a4.83%204.83%200%20003.5-4.7A4.78%204.78%200%200011%202.3H10.8a4.9%204.9%200%2000-1.4%209.6l-.3%202h-1.9l-1%20.9h-.6a.74.74%200%2000-.6.5c-2%207.5-2.7%2010-3%2010.9l.3.1L4.8%2020l1.9.3.2%2015.8h1.6l.6-8.4a1.52%201.52%200%20011.5-1.4%201.5%201.5%200%20011.5%201.4l.9%208.4zm-10.9-9.6zm17.5-.1z%22%20style%3D%22isolation%3Aisolate%22%20fill%3D%22%23333%22%20opacity%3D%22.7%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M5.9%2013.6l1.1-.9h7.8l1.2.9%22%20fill%3D%22%23ce592c%22/%3E%3Cellipse%20cx%3D%2210.9%22%20cy%3D%2213.1%22%20rx%3D%222.7%22%20ry%3D%22.3%22%20style%3D%22isolation%3Aisolate%22%20fill%3D%22%23ce592c%22%20opacity%3D%22.5%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M20.6%2026.1l-2.9-11.3a1.71%201.71%200%2000-1.6-1.2H5.699999999999999a1.69%201.69%200%2000-1.5%201.3l-3.1%2011.3a.61.61%200%2000.3.7l1.1.4a.61.61%200%2000.7-.3l2.7-6.7.2%2016.8h3.6l.6-9.3a.47.47%200%2001.44-.5h.06c.4%200%20.4.2.5.5l.6%209.3h3.6L15.7%2020.3l2.5%206.6a.52.52%200%2000.66.31l1.2-.4a.57.57%200%2000.5-.7z%22%20fill%3D%22%23fdbf2d%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M7%2013.6l3.9%206.7%203.9-6.7%22%20style%3D%22isolation%3Aisolate%22%20fill%3D%22%23cf572e%22%20opacity%3D%22.6%22/%3E%3Ccircle%20cx%3D%2210.9%22%20cy%3D%227%22%20r%3D%225.9%22%20fill%3D%22%23fdbf2d%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Pegman
is on top of the
Map](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2024%2038%22%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M22%2026.6l-2.9-11.3a2.78%202.78%200%2000-2.4-2l-.7-.5a6.82%206.82%200%20002.2-5%206.9%206.9%200%2000-13.8%200%207%207%200%20002.2%205.1l-.6.5a2.55%202.55%200%2000-2.3%202s-3%2011.1-3%2011.2v.1a1.58%201.58%200%20001%201.9l1.2.4a1.63%201.63%200%20001.9-.9l.8-2%20.2%2012.8h11.3l.2-12.6.7%201.8a1.54%201.54%200%20001.5%201%201.09%201.09%200%2000.5-.1l1.3-.4a1.85%201.85%200%2000.7-2zm-1.2.9l-1.2.4a.61.61%200%2001-.7-.3l-2.5-6.6-.2%2016.8h-9.4L6.6%2021l-2.7%206.7a.52.52%200%2001-.66.31l-1.1-.4a.52.52%200%2001-.31-.66l3.1-11.3a1.69%201.69%200%20011.5-1.3h.2l1-.9h2.3a5.9%205.9%200%20113.2%200h2.3l1.1.9h.2a1.71%201.71%200%20011.6%201.2l2.9%2011.3a.84.84%200%2001-.4.7z%22%20fill%3D%22%23333%22%20fill-
opacity%3D%22.2%22/%3E%26quot%3B%3C/svg%3E)![Street View Pegman
Control](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2040%2050%22%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M34-30.4l-2.9-11.3a2.78%202.78%200%2000-2.4-2l-.7-.5a6.82%206.82%200%20002.2-5%206.9%206.9%200%2000-13.8%200%207%207%200%20002.2%205.1l-.6.5a2.55%202.55%200%2000-2.3%202s-3%2011.1-3%2011.2v.1a1.58%201.58%200%20001%201.9l1.2.4a1.63%201.63%200%20001.9-.9l.8-2%20.2%2012.8h11.3l.2-12.6.7%201.8a1.54%201.54%200%20001.5%201%201.09%201.09%200%2000.5-.1l1.3-.4a1.85%201.85%200%2000.7-2zm-1.2.9l-1.2.4a.61.61%200%2001-.7-.3L28.4-36l-.2%2016.8h-9.4L18.6-36l-2.7%206.7a.52.52%200%2001-.66.31l-1.1-.4a.52.52%200%2001-.31-.66l3.1-11.3a1.69%201.69%200%20011.5-1.3h.2l1-.9h2.3a5.9%205.9%200%20113.2%200h2.3l1.1.9h.2a1.71%201.71%200%20011.6%201.2l2.9%2011.3a.84.84%200%2001-.4.7zM34%2029.6l-2.9-11.3a2.78%202.78%200%2000-2.4-2l-.7-.5a6.82%206.82%200%20002.2-5%206.9%206.9%200%2000-13.8%200%207%207%200%20002.2%205.1l-.6.5a2.55%202.55%200%2000-2.3%202s-3%2011.1-3%2011.2v.1a1.58%201.58%200%20001%201.9l1.2.4a1.63%201.63%200%20001.9-.9l.8-2%20.2%2012.8h11.3l.2-12.6.7%201.8a1.54%201.54%200%20001.5%201%201.09%201.09%200%2000.5-.1l1.3-.4a1.85%201.85%200%2000.7-2zm-1.2.9l-1.2.4a.61.61%200%2001-.7-.3L28.4%2024l-.2%2016.8h-9.4L18.6%2024l-2.7%206.7a.52.52%200%2001-.66.31l-1.1-.4a.52.52%200%2001-.31-.66l3.1-11.3a1.69%201.69%200%20011.5-1.3h.2l1-.9h2.3a5.9%205.9%200%20113.2%200h2.3l1.1.9h.2a1.71%201.71%200%20011.6%201.2l2.9%2011.3a.84.84%200%2001-.4.7z%22%20fill%3D%22%23333%22%20fill-
opacity%3D%22.2%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M15.4%2038.8h-4a1.64%201.64%200%2001-1.4-1.1l-3.1-8a.9.9%200%2001-.5.1l-1.4.1a1.62%201.62%200%2001-1.6-1.4L2.3%2015.4l1.6-1.3a6.87%206.87%200%2001-3-4.6A7.14%207.14%200%20012%204a7.6%207.6%200%20014.7-3.1A7.14%207.14%200%200112.2%202a7.28%207.28%200%20012.3%209.6l2.1-.1.1%201c0%20.2.1.5.1.8a2.41%202.41%200%20011%201s1.9%203.2%202.8%204.9c.7%201.2%202.1%204.2%202.8%205.9a2.1%202.1%200%2001-.8%202.6l-.6.4a1.63%201.63%200%2001-1.5.2l-.6-.3a8.93%208.93%200%2000.5%201.3%207.91%207.91%200%20001.8%202.6l.6.3v4.6l-4.5-.1a7.32%207.32%200%2001-2.5-1.5l-.4%203.6zm-10-19.2l3.5%209.8%202.9%207.5h1.6V35l-1.9-9.4%203.1%205.4a8.24%208.24%200%20003.8%203.8h2.1v-1.4a14%2014%200%2001-2.2-3.1%2044.55%2044.55%200%2001-2.2-8l-1.3-6.3%203.2%205.6c.6%201.1%202.1%203.6%202.8%204.9l.6-.4c-.8-1.6-2.1-4.6-2.8-5.8-.9-1.7-2.8-4.9-2.8-4.9a.54.54%200%2000-.4-.3l-.7-.1-.1-.7a4.33%204.33%200%2000-.1-.5l-5.3.3%202.2-1.9a4.3%204.3%200%2000.9-1%205.17%205.17%200%2000.8-4%205.67%205.67%200%2000-2.2-3.4%205.09%205.09%200%2000-4-.8%205.67%205.67%200%2000-3.4%202.2%205.17%205.17%200%2000-.8%204%205.67%205.67%200%20002.2%203.4%203.13%203.13%200%20001%20.5l1.6.6-3.2%202.6%201%2011.5h.4l-.3-8.2z%22%20fill%3D%22%23333%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M3.35%2015.9l1.1%2012.5a.39.39%200%2000.36.42h.14l1.4-.1a.66.66%200%2000.5-.4l-.2-3.8-3.3-8.6z%22%20fill%3D%22%23fdbf2d%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M5.2%2028.8l1.1-.1a.66.66%200%2000.5-.4l-.2-3.8-1.2-3.1z%22%20fill%3D%22%23ce592b%22%20fill-
opacity%3D%22.25%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M21.4%2035.7l-3.8-1.2-2.7-7.8L12%2015.5l3.4-2.9c.2%202.4%202.2%2014.1%203.7%2017.1%200%200%201.3%202.6%202.3%203.1v2.9m-8.4-8.1l-2-.3%202.5%2010.1.9.4v-2.9%22%20fill%3D%22%23e5892b%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M17.8%2025.4c-.4-1.5-.7-3.1-1.1-4.8-.1-.4-.1-.7-.2-1.1l-1.1-2-1.7-1.6s.9%205%202.4%207.1a19.12%2019.12%200%20001.7%202.4z%22%20style%3D%22isolation%3Aisolate%22%20fill%3D%22%23cf572e%22%20opacity%3D%22.6%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M14.4%2037.8h-3a.43.43%200%2001-.4-.4l-3-7.8-1.7-4.8-3-9%208.9-.4s2.9%2011.3%204.3%2014.4c1.9%204.1%203.1%204.7%205%205.8h-3.2s-4.1-1.2-5.9-7.7a.59.59%200%2000-.6-.4.62.62%200%2000-.3.7s.5%202.4.9%203.6a34.87%2034.87%200%20002%206z%22%20fill%3D%22%23fdbf2d%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M15.4%2012.7l-3.3%202.9-8.9.4%203.3-2.7%22%20fill%3D%22%23ce592b%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M9.1%2021.1l1.4-6.2-5.9.5%22%20style%3D%22isolation%3Aisolate%22%20fill%3D%22%23cf572e%22%20opacity%3D%22.6%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M12%2013.5a4.75%204.75%200%2001-2.6%201.1c-1.5.3-2.9.2-2.9%200s1.1-.6%202.7-1%22%20fill%3D%22%23bb3d19%22/%3E%3Ccircle%20cx%3D%227.92%22%20cy%3D%228.19%22%20r%3D%226.3%22%20fill%3D%22%23fdbf2d%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M4.7%2013.6a6.21%206.21%200%20008.4-1.9v-.1a8.89%208.89%200%2001-8.4%202z%22%20fill%3D%22%23ce592b%22%20fill-
opacity%3D%22.25%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M21.2%2027.2l.6-.4a1.09%201.09%200%2000.4-1.3c-.7-1.5-2.1-4.6-2.8-5.8-.9-1.7-2.8-4.9-2.8-4.9a1.6%201.6%200%2000-2.17-.65l-.23.15a1.68%201.68%200%2000-.4%202.1s2.3%203.9%203.1%205.3c.6%201%202.1%203.7%202.9%205.1a.94.94%200%20001.24.49l.16-.09z%22%20fill%3D%22%23fdbf2d%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M19.4%2019.8c-.9-1.7-2.8-4.9-2.8-4.9a1.6%201.6%200%2000-2.17-.65l-.23.15-.3.3c1.1%201.5%202.9%203.8%203.9%205.4%201.1%201.8%202.9%205%203.8%206.7l.1-.1a1.09%201.09%200%2000.4-1.3%2057.67%2057.67%200%2000-2.7-5.6z%22%20fill%3D%22%23ce592b%22%20fill-
opacity%3D%22.25%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23666%22%20d%3D%22M18%207h-7V0H7v7H0v4h7v7h4v-7h7z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23333%22%20d%3D%22M18%207h-7V0H7v7H0v4h7v7h4v-7h7z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23111%22%20d%3D%22M18%207h-7V0H7v7H0v4h7v7h4v-7h7z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23d1d1d1%22%20d%3D%22M18%207h-7V0H7v7H0v4h7v7h4v-7h7z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23666%22%20d%3D%22M0%207h18v4H0V7z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23333%22%20d%3D%22M0%207h18v4H0V7z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23111%22%20d%3D%22M0%207h18v4H0V7z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23d1d1d1%22%20d%3D%22M0%207h18v4H0V7z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![Google](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20fill%3D%22none%22%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2069%2029%22%3E%3Cg%20opacity%3D%22.3%22%20fill%3D%22%23000%22%20stroke%3D%22%23000%22%20stroke-
width%3D%221.5%22%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M17.4706%207.33616L18.0118%206.79504%2017.4599%206.26493C16.0963%204.95519%2014.2582%203.94522%2011.7008%203.94522c-4.613699999999999%200-8.50262%203.7551699999999997-8.50262%208.395779999999998C3.19818%2016.9817%207.0871%2020.7368%2011.7008%2020.7368%2014.1712%2020.7368%2016.0773%2019.918%2017.574%2018.3689%2019.1435%2016.796%2019.5956%2014.6326%2019.5956%2012.957%2019.5956%2012.4338%2019.5516%2011.9316%2019.4661%2011.5041L19.3455%2010.9012H10.9508V14.4954H15.7809C15.6085%2015.092%2015.3488%2015.524%2015.0318%2015.8415%2014.403%2016.4629%2013.4495%2017.1509%2011.7008%2017.1509%209.04835%2017.1509%206.96482%2015.0197%206.96482%2012.341%206.96482%209.66239%209.04835%207.53119%2011.7008%207.53119%2013.137%207.53119%2014.176%208.09189%2014.9578%208.82348L15.4876%209.31922%2016.0006%208.80619%2017.4706%207.33616z%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M24.8656%2020.7286C27.9546%2020.7286%2030.4692%2018.3094%2030.4692%2015.0594%2030.4692%2011.7913%2027.953%209.39009%2024.8656%209.39009%2021.7783%209.39009%2019.2621%2011.7913%2019.2621%2015.0594c0%203.25%202.514499999999998%205.6692%205.6035%205.6692zM24.8656%2012.8282C25.8796%2012.8282%2026.8422%2013.6652%2026.8422%2015.0594%2026.8422%2016.4399%2025.8769%2017.2905%2024.8656%2017.2905%2023.8557%2017.2905%2022.8891%2016.4331%2022.8891%2015.0594%2022.8891%2013.672%2023.853%2012.8282%2024.8656%2012.8282z%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M35.7511%2017.2905v0H35.7469C34.737%2017.2905%2033.7703%2016.4331%2033.7703%2015.0594%2033.7703%2013.672%2034.7343%2012.8282%2035.7469%2012.8282%2036.7608%2012.8282%2037.7234%2013.6652%2037.7234%2015.0594%2037.7234%2016.4439%2036.7554%2017.2961%2035.7511%2017.2905zM35.7387%2020.7286C38.8277%2020.7286%2041.3422%2018.3094%2041.3422%2015.0594%2041.3422%2011.7913%2038.826%209.39009%2035.7387%209.39009%2032.6513%209.39009%2030.1351%2011.7913%2030.1351%2015.0594%2030.1351%2018.3102%2032.6587%2020.7286%2035.7387%2020.7286z%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M51.953%2010.4357V9.68573H48.3999V9.80826C47.8499%209.54648%2047.1977%209.38187%2046.4808%209.38187%2043.5971%209.38187%2041.0168%2011.8998%2041.0168%2015.0758%2041.0168%2017.2027%2042.1808%2019.0237%2043.8201%2019.9895L43.7543%2020.0168%2041.8737%2020.797%2041.1808%2021.0844%2041.4684%2021.7772C42.0912%2023.2776%2043.746%2025.1469%2046.5219%2025.1469%2047.9324%2025.1469%2049.3089%2024.7324%2050.3359%2023.7376%2051.3691%2022.7367%2051.953%2021.2411%2051.953%2019.2723v-8.8366zm-7.2194%209.9844L44.7334%2020.4196C45.2886%2020.6201%2045.878%2020.7286%2046.4808%2020.7286%2047.1616%2020.7286%2047.7866%2020.5819%2048.3218%2020.3395%2048.2342%2020.7286%2048.0801%2021.0105%2047.8966%2021.2077%2047.6154%2021.5099%2047.1764%2021.7088%2046.5219%2021.7088%2045.61%2021.7088%2045.0018%2021.0612%2044.7336%2020.4201zM46.6697%2012.8282C47.6419%2012.8282%2048.5477%2013.6765%2048.5477%2015.084%2048.5477%2016.4636%2047.6521%2017.2987%2046.6697%2017.2987%2045.6269%2017.2987%2044.6767%2016.4249%2044.6767%2015.084%2044.6767%2013.7086%2045.6362%2012.8282%2046.6697%2012.8282zM55.7387%205.22081v-.75H52.0788V20.4412H55.7387V5.22081z%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M63.9128%2016.0614L63.2945%2015.6492%2062.8766%2016.2637C62.4204%2016.9346%2061.8664%2017.3069%2061.0741%2017.3069%2060.6435%2017.3069%2060.3146%2017.2088%2060.0544%2017.0447%2059.9844%2017.0006%2059.9161%2016.9496%2059.8498%2016.8911L65.5497%2014.5286%2066.2322%2014.2456%2065.9596%2013.5589%2065.7406%2013.0075C65.2878%2011.8%2063.8507%209.39832%2060.8278%209.39832%2057.8445%209.39832%2055.5034%2011.7619%2055.5034%2015.0676%2055.5034%2018.2151%2057.8256%2020.7369%2061.0659%2020.7369%2063.6702%2020.7369%2065.177%2019.1378%2065.7942%2018.2213L66.2152%2017.5963%2065.5882%2017.1783%2063.9128%2016.0614zM61.3461%2012.8511L59.4108%2013.6526C59.7903%2013.0783%2060.4215%2012.7954%2060.9017%2012.7954%2061.067%2012.7954%2061.2153%2012.8161%2061.3461%2012.8511z%22/%3E%3C/g%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M11.7008%2019.9868C7.48776%2019.9868%203.94818%2016.554%203.94818%2012.341%203.94818%208.12803%207.48776%204.69522%2011.7008%204.69522%2014.0331%204.69522%2015.692%205.60681%2016.9403%206.80583L15.4703%208.27586C14.5751%207.43819%2013.3597%206.78119%2011.7008%206.78119%208.62108%206.78119%206.21482%209.26135%206.21482%2012.341%206.21482%2015.4207%208.62108%2017.9009%2011.7008%2017.9009%2013.6964%2017.9009%2014.8297%2017.0961%2015.5606%2016.3734%2016.1601%2015.7738%2016.5461%2014.9197%2016.6939%2013.7454h-4.9931V11.6512h7.0298C18.8045%2012.0207%2018.8456%2012.4724%2018.8456%2012.957%2018.8456%2014.5255%2018.4186%2016.4637%2017.0389%2017.8434%2015.692%2019.2395%2013.9838%2019.9868%2011.7008%2019.9868zM29.7192%2015.0594C29.7192%2017.8927%2027.5429%2019.9786%2024.8656%2019.9786%2022.1884%2019.9786%2020.0121%2017.8927%2020.0121%2015.0594%2020.0121%2012.2096%2022.1884%2010.1401%2024.8656%2010.1401%2027.5429%2010.1401%2029.7192%2012.2096%2029.7192%2015.0594zM27.5922%2015.0594C27.5922%2013.2855%2026.3274%2012.0782%2024.8656%2012.0782S22.1391%2013.2937%2022.1391%2015.0594C22.1391%2016.8086%2023.4038%2018.0405%2024.8656%2018.0405S27.5922%2016.8168%2027.5922%2015.0594zM40.5922%2015.0594C40.5922%2017.8927%2038.4159%2019.9786%2035.7387%2019.9786%2033.0696%2019.9786%2030.8851%2017.8927%2030.8851%2015.0594%2030.8851%2012.2096%2033.0614%2010.1401%2035.7387%2010.1401%2038.4159%2010.1401%2040.5922%2012.2096%2040.5922%2015.0594zM38.4734%2015.0594C38.4734%2013.2855%2037.2087%2012.0782%2035.7469%2012.0782%2034.2851%2012.0782%2033.0203%2013.2937%2033.0203%2015.0594%2033.0203%2016.8086%2034.2851%2018.0405%2035.7469%2018.0405%2037.2087%2018.0487%2038.4734%2016.8168%2038.4734%2015.0594zM51.203%2010.4357v8.8366C51.203%2022.9105%2049.0595%2024.3969%2046.5219%2024.3969%2044.132%2024.3969%2042.7031%2022.7955%2042.161%2021.4897L44.0417%2020.7095C44.3784%2021.5143%2045.1997%2022.4588%2046.5219%2022.4588%2048.1479%2022.4588%2049.1499%2021.4487%2049.1499%2019.568V18.8617H49.0759C48.5914%2019.4612%2047.6552%2019.9786%2046.4808%2019.9786%2044.0171%2019.9786%2041.7668%2017.8352%2041.7668%2015.0758%2041.7668%2012.3%2044.0253%2010.1319%2046.4808%2010.1319%2047.6552%2010.1319%2048.5914%2010.6575%2049.0759%2011.2323H49.1499V10.4357H51.203zM49.2977%2015.084C49.2977%2013.3512%2048.1397%2012.0782%2046.6697%2012.0782%2045.175%2012.0782%2043.9267%2013.3429%2043.9267%2015.084%2043.9267%2016.8004%2045.175%2018.0487%2046.6697%2018.0487%2048.1397%2018.0487%2049.2977%2016.8004%2049.2977%2015.084zM54.9887%205.22081V19.6912H52.8288V5.22081H54.9887zM63.4968%2016.6854L65.1722%2017.8023C64.6301%2018.6072%2063.3244%2019.9869%2061.0659%2019.9869%2058.2655%2019.9869%2056.2534%2017.827%2056.2534%2015.0676%2056.2534%2012.1439%2058.2901%2010.1483%2060.8278%2010.1483%2063.3818%2010.1483%2064.6301%2012.1768%2065.0408%2013.2773L65.2625%2013.8357%2058.6843%2016.5623C59.1853%2017.5478%2059.9737%2018.0569%2061.0741%2018.0569%2062.1746%2018.0569%2062.9384%2017.5067%2063.4968%2016.6854zM58.3312%2014.9115L62.7331%2013.0884C62.4867%2012.4724%2061.764%2012.0454%2060.9017%2012.0454%2059.8012%2012.0454%2058.2737%2013.0145%2058.3312%2014.9115z%22%20fill%3D%22%23fff%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)

Keyboard shortcuts

Map DataMap data ©2024 Google

Map data ©2024 Google

200 m

Click to toggle between metric and imperial units

Terms

Report a map error

Email: info@blackbaygroup.ca  
Phone: (902) 422-5800

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement


`←`| Move left  
---|---  
`→`| Move right  
`↑`| Move up  
`↓`| Move down  
`+`| Zoom in  
`-`| Zoom out  
  
![](https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/vt?pb=!1m5!1m4!1i15!2i10596!3i11832!4i256!2m3!1e0!2sm!3i687432441!3m17!2sen-
US!3sUS!5e18!12m4!1e68!2m2!1sset!2sRoadmap!12m3!1e37!2m1!1ssmartmaps!12m4!1e26!2m2!1sstyles!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!4e0!5m1!5f2&key=AIzaSyDaoJHIfiCoCLbOPVV_aK-
uFXmta91ZBiU&token=39881)

![](https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/vt?pb=!1m5!1m4!1i15!2i10595!3i11832!4i256!2m3!1e0!2sm!3i687432441!3m17!2sen-
US!3sUS!5e18!12m4!1e68!2m2!1sset!2sRoadmap!12m3!1e37!2m1!1ssmartmaps!12m4!1e26!2m2!1sstyles!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!4e0!5m1!5f2&key=AIzaSyDaoJHIfiCoCLbOPVV_aK-
uFXmta91ZBiU&token=3614)

![](https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/vt?pb=!1m5!1m4!1i15!2i10595!3i11831!4i256!2m3!1e0!2sm!3i687432441!3m17!2sen-
US!3sUS!5e18!12m4!1e68!2m2!1sset!2sRoadmap!12m3!1e37!2m1!1ssmartmaps!12m4!1e26!2m2!1sstyles!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!4e0!5m1!5f2&key=AIzaSyDaoJHIfiCoCLbOPVV_aK-
uFXmta91ZBiU&token=30804)

![](https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/vt?pb=!1m5!1m4!1i15!2i10596!3i11831!4i256!2m3!1e0!2sm!3i687432441!3m17!2sen-
US!3sUS!5e18!12m4!1e68!2m2!1sset!2sRoadmap!12m3!1e37!2m1!1ssmartmaps!12m4!1e26!2m2!1sstyles!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!4e0!5m1!5f2&key=AIzaSyDaoJHIfiCoCLbOPVV_aK-
uFXmta91ZBiU&token=67071)

![](https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/vt?pb=!1m5!1m4!1i15!2i10597!3i11831!4i256!2m3!1e0!2sm!3i687432441!3m17!2sen-
US!3sUS!5e18!12m4!1e68!2m2!1sset!2sRoadmap!12m3!1e37!2m1!1ssmartmaps!12m4!1e26!2m2!1sstyles!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!4e0!5m1!5f2&key=AIzaSyDaoJHIfiCoCLbOPVV_aK-
uFXmta91ZBiU&token=103338)

![](https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/vt?pb=!1m5!1m4!1i15!2i10597!3i11832!4i256!2m3!1e0!2sm!3i687432441!3m17!2sen-
US!3sUS!5e18!12m4!1e68!2m2!1sset!2sRoadmap!12m3!1e37!2m1!1ssmartmaps!12m4!1e26!2m2!1sstyles!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!4e0!5m1!5f2&key=AIzaSyDaoJHIfiCoCLbOPVV_aK-
uFXmta91ZBiU&token=76148)

![](https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/vt?pb=!1m5!1m4!1i15!2i10594!3i11832!4i256!2m3!1e0!2sm!3i687432441!3m17!2sen-
US!3sUS!5e18!12m4!1e68!2m2!1sset!2sRoadmap!12m3!1e37!2m1!1ssmartmaps!12m4!1e26!2m2!1sstyles!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!4e0!5m1!5f2&key=AIzaSyDaoJHIfiCoCLbOPVV_aK-
uFXmta91ZBiU&token=98418)

![](https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/vt?pb=!1m5!1m4!1i15!2i10594!3i11831!4i256!2m3!1e0!2sm!3i687432441!3m17!2sen-
US!3sUS!5e18!12m4!1e68!2m2!1sset!2sRoadmap!12m3!1e37!2m1!1ssmartmaps!12m4!1e26!2m2!1sstyles!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!4e0!5m1!5f2&key=AIzaSyDaoJHIfiCoCLbOPVV_aK-
uFXmta91ZBiU&token=125608)


![](https://maps.gstatic.com/mapfiles/transparent.png)

Map

  * Terrain

Satellite

  * Labels

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23666%22%20d%3D%22M0%200v6h2V2h4V0H0zm16%200h-4v2h4v4h2V0h-2zm0%2016h-4v2h6v-6h-2v4zM2%2012H0v6h6v-2H2v-4z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23333%22%20d%3D%22M0%200v6h2V2h4V0H0zm16%200h-4v2h4v4h2V0h-2zm0%2016h-4v2h6v-6h-2v4zM2%2012H0v6h6v-2H2v-4z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23111%22%20d%3D%22M0%200v6h2V2h4V0H0zm16%200h-4v2h4v4h2V0h-2zm0%2016h-4v2h6v-6h-2v4zM2%2012H0v6h6v-2H2v-4z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2024%2024%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22none%22%20d%3D%22M0%200h24v24H0V0z%22/%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23666%22%20d%3D%22M12.06%209.06l4-4-4-4-1.41%201.41%201.59%201.59h-.18c-2.3%200-4.6.88-6.35%202.64-3.52%203.51-3.52%209.21%200%2012.72%201.5%201.5%203.4%202.36%205.36%202.58v-2.02c-1.44-.21-2.84-.86-3.95-1.97-2.73-2.73-2.73-7.17%200-9.9%201.37-1.37%203.16-2.05%204.95-2.05h.17l-1.59%201.59%201.41%201.41zm8.94%203c-.19-1.74-.88-3.32-1.91-4.61l-1.43%201.43c.69.92%201.15%202%201.32%203.18H21zm-7.94%207.92V22c1.74-.19%203.32-.88%204.61-1.91l-1.43-1.43c-.91.68-2%201.15-3.18%201.32zm4.6-2.74l1.43%201.43c1.04-1.29%201.72-2.88%201.91-4.61h-2.02c-.17%201.18-.64%202.27-1.32%203.18z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2024%2024%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22none%22%20d%3D%22M0%200h24v24H0V0z%22/%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23333%22%20d%3D%22M12.06%209.06l4-4-4-4-1.41%201.41%201.59%201.59h-.18c-2.3%200-4.6.88-6.35%202.64-3.52%203.51-3.52%209.21%200%2012.72%201.5%201.5%203.4%202.36%205.36%202.58v-2.02c-1.44-.21-2.84-.86-3.95-1.97-2.73-2.73-2.73-7.17%200-9.9%201.37-1.37%203.16-2.05%204.95-2.05h.17l-1.59%201.59%201.41%201.41zm8.94%203c-.19-1.74-.88-3.32-1.91-4.61l-1.43%201.43c.69.92%201.15%202%201.32%203.18H21zm-7.94%207.92V22c1.74-.19%203.32-.88%204.61-1.91l-1.43-1.43c-.91.68-2%201.15-3.18%201.32zm4.6-2.74l1.43%201.43c1.04-1.29%201.72-2.88%201.91-4.61h-2.02c-.17%201.18-.64%202.27-1.32%203.18z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2024%2024%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22none%22%20d%3D%22M0%200h24v24H0V0z%22/%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23111%22%20d%3D%22M12.06%209.06l4-4-4-4-1.41%201.41%201.59%201.59h-.18c-2.3%200-4.6.88-6.35%202.64-3.52%203.51-3.52%209.21%200%2012.72%201.5%201.5%203.4%202.36%205.36%202.58v-2.02c-1.44-.21-2.84-.86-3.95-1.97-2.73-2.73-2.73-7.17%200-9.9%201.37-1.37%203.16-2.05%204.95-2.05h.17l-1.59%201.59%201.41%201.41zm8.94%203c-.19-1.74-.88-3.32-1.91-4.61l-1.43%201.43c.69.92%201.15%202%201.32%203.18H21zm-7.94%207.92V22c1.74-.19%203.32-.88%204.61-1.91l-1.43-1.43c-.91.68-2%201.15-3.18%201.32zm4.6-2.74l1.43%201.43c1.04-1.29%201.72-2.88%201.91-4.61h-2.02c-.17%201.18-.64%202.27-1.32%203.18z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2024%2024%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22none%22%20d%3D%22M0%200h24v24H0V0z%22/%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23666%22%20d%3D%22M12.06%209.06l4-4-4-4-1.41%201.41%201.59%201.59h-.18c-2.3%200-4.6.88-6.35%202.64-3.52%203.51-3.52%209.21%200%2012.72%201.5%201.5%203.4%202.36%205.36%202.58v-2.02c-1.44-.21-2.84-.86-3.95-1.97-2.73-2.73-2.73-7.17%200-9.9%201.37-1.37%203.16-2.05%204.95-2.05h.17l-1.59%201.59%201.41%201.41zm8.94%203c-.19-1.74-.88-3.32-1.91-4.61l-1.43%201.43c.69.92%201.15%202%201.32%203.18H21zm-7.94%207.92V22c1.74-.19%203.32-.88%204.61-1.91l-1.43-1.43c-.91.68-2%201.15-3.18%201.32zm4.6-2.74l1.43%201.43c1.04-1.29%201.72-2.88%201.91-4.61h-2.02c-.17%201.18-.64%202.27-1.32%203.18z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2024%2024%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22none%22%20d%3D%22M0%200h24v24H0V0z%22/%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23333%22%20d%3D%22M12.06%209.06l4-4-4-4-1.41%201.41%201.59%201.59h-.18c-2.3%200-4.6.88-6.35%202.64-3.52%203.51-3.52%209.21%200%2012.72%201.5%201.5%203.4%202.36%205.36%202.58v-2.02c-1.44-.21-2.84-.86-3.95-1.97-2.73-2.73-2.73-7.17%200-9.9%201.37-1.37%203.16-2.05%204.95-2.05h.17l-1.59%201.59%201.41%201.41zm8.94%203c-.19-1.74-.88-3.32-1.91-4.61l-1.43%201.43c.69.92%201.15%202%201.32%203.18H21zm-7.94%207.92V22c1.74-.19%203.32-.88%204.61-1.91l-1.43-1.43c-.91.68-2%201.15-3.18%201.32zm4.6-2.74l1.43%201.43c1.04-1.29%201.72-2.88%201.91-4.61h-2.02c-.17%201.18-.64%202.27-1.32%203.18z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2024%2024%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22none%22%20d%3D%22M0%200h24v24H0V0z%22/%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23111%22%20d%3D%22M12.06%209.06l4-4-4-4-1.41%201.41%201.59%201.59h-.18c-2.3%200-4.6.88-6.35%202.64-3.52%203.51-3.52%209.21%200%2012.72%201.5%201.5%203.4%202.36%205.36%202.58v-2.02c-1.44-.21-2.84-.86-3.95-1.97-2.73-2.73-2.73-7.17%200-9.9%201.37-1.37%203.16-2.05%204.95-2.05h.17l-1.59%201.59%201.41%201.41zm8.94%203c-.19-1.74-.88-3.32-1.91-4.61l-1.43%201.43c.69.92%201.15%202%201.32%203.18H21zm-7.94%207.92V22c1.74-.19%203.32-.88%204.61-1.91l-1.43-1.43c-.91.68-2%201.15-3.18%201.32zm4.6-2.74l1.43%201.43c1.04-1.29%201.72-2.88%201.91-4.61h-2.02c-.17%201.18-.64%202.27-1.32%203.18z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2016%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23666%22%20d%3D%22M0%2016h8V9H0v7zm10%200h8V9h-8v7zM0%207h8V0H0v7zm10-7v7h8V0h-8z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2016%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23333%22%20d%3D%22M0%2016h8V9H0v7zm10%200h8V9h-8v7zM0%207h8V0H0v7zm10-7v7h8V0h-8z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2016%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23111%22%20d%3D%22M0%2016h8V9H0v7zm10%200h8V9h-8v7zM0%207h8V0H0v7zm10-7v7h8V0h-8z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![Street View Pegman
Control](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2023%2038%22%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M16.6%2038.1h-5.5l-.2-2.9-.2%202.9h-5.5L5%2025.3l-.8%202a1.53%201.53%200%2001-1.9.9l-1.2-.4a1.58%201.58%200%2001-1-1.9v-.1c.3-.9%203.1-11.2%203.1-11.2a2.66%202.66%200%20012.3-2l.6-.5a6.93%206.93%200%20014.7-12%206.8%206.8%200%20014.9%202%207%207%200%20012%204.9%206.65%206.65%200%2001-2.2%205l.7.5a2.78%202.78%200%20012.4%202s2.9%2011.2%202.9%2011.3a1.53%201.53%200%2001-.9%201.9l-1.3.4a1.63%201.63%200%2001-1.9-.9l-.7-1.8-.1%2012.7zm-3.6-2h1.7L14.9%2020.3l1.9-.3%202.4%206.3.3-.1c-.2-.8-.8-3.2-2.8-10.9a.63.63%200%2000-.6-.5h-.6l-1.1-.9h-1.9l-.3-2a4.83%204.83%200%20003.5-4.7A4.78%204.78%200%200011%202.3H10.8a4.9%204.9%200%2000-1.4%209.6l-.3%202h-1.9l-1%20.9h-.6a.74.74%200%2000-.6.5c-2%207.5-2.7%2010-3%2010.9l.3.1L4.8%2020l1.9.3.2%2015.8h1.6l.6-8.4a1.52%201.52%200%20011.5-1.4%201.5%201.5%200%20011.5%201.4l.9%208.4zm-10.9-9.6zm17.5-.1z%22%20style%3D%22isolation%3Aisolate%22%20fill%3D%22%23333%22%20opacity%3D%22.7%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M5.9%2013.6l1.1-.9h7.8l1.2.9%22%20fill%3D%22%23ce592c%22/%3E%3Cellipse%20cx%3D%2210.9%22%20cy%3D%2213.1%22%20rx%3D%222.7%22%20ry%3D%22.3%22%20style%3D%22isolation%3Aisolate%22%20fill%3D%22%23ce592c%22%20opacity%3D%22.5%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M20.6%2026.1l-2.9-11.3a1.71%201.71%200%2000-1.6-1.2H5.699999999999999a1.69%201.69%200%2000-1.5%201.3l-3.1%2011.3a.61.61%200%2000.3.7l1.1.4a.61.61%200%2000.7-.3l2.7-6.7.2%2016.8h3.6l.6-9.3a.47.47%200%2001.44-.5h.06c.4%200%20.4.2.5.5l.6%209.3h3.6L15.7%2020.3l2.5%206.6a.52.52%200%2000.66.31l1.2-.4a.57.57%200%2000.5-.7z%22%20fill%3D%22%23fdbf2d%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M7%2013.6l3.9%206.7%203.9-6.7%22%20style%3D%22isolation%3Aisolate%22%20fill%3D%22%23cf572e%22%20opacity%3D%22.6%22/%3E%3Ccircle%20cx%3D%2210.9%22%20cy%3D%227%22%20r%3D%225.9%22%20fill%3D%22%23fdbf2d%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Pegman
Map](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2024%2038%22%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M22%2026.6l-2.9-11.3a2.78%202.78%200%2000-2.4-2l-.7-.5a6.82%206.82%200%20002.2-5%206.9%206.9%200%2000-13.8%200%207%207%200%20002.2%205.1l-.6.5a2.55%202.55%200%2000-2.3%202s-3%2011.1-3%2011.2v.1a1.58%201.58%200%20001%201.9l1.2.4a1.63%201.63%200%20001.9-.9l.8-2%20.2%2012.8h11.3l.2-12.6.7%201.8a1.54%201.54%200%20001.5%201%201.09%201.09%200%2000.5-.1l1.3-.4a1.85%201.85%200%2000.7-2zm-1.2.9l-1.2.4a.61.61%200%2001-.7-.3l-2.5-6.6-.2%2016.8h-9.4L6.6%2021l-2.7%206.7a.52.52%200%2001-.66.31l-1.1-.4a.52.52%200%2001-.31-.66l3.1-11.3a1.69%201.69%200%20011.5-1.3h.2l1-.9h2.3a5.9%205.9%200%20113.2%200h2.3l1.1.9h.2a1.71%201.71%200%20011.6%201.2l2.9%2011.3a.84.84%200%2001-.4.7z%22%20fill%3D%22%23333%22%20fill-
opacity%3D%22.2%22/%3E%26quot%3B%3C/svg%3E)![Street View Pegman
Control](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2040%2050%22%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M34-30.4l-2.9-11.3a2.78%202.78%200%2000-2.4-2l-.7-.5a6.82%206.82%200%20002.2-5%206.9%206.9%200%2000-13.8%200%207%207%200%20002.2%205.1l-.6.5a2.55%202.55%200%2000-2.3%202s-3%2011.1-3%2011.2v.1a1.58%201.58%200%20001%201.9l1.2.4a1.63%201.63%200%20001.9-.9l.8-2%20.2%2012.8h11.3l.2-12.6.7%201.8a1.54%201.54%200%20001.5%201%201.09%201.09%200%2000.5-.1l1.3-.4a1.85%201.85%200%2000.7-2zm-1.2.9l-1.2.4a.61.61%200%2001-.7-.3L28.4-36l-.2%2016.8h-9.4L18.6-36l-2.7%206.7a.52.52%200%2001-.66.31l-1.1-.4a.52.52%200%2001-.31-.66l3.1-11.3a1.69%201.69%200%20011.5-1.3h.2l1-.9h2.3a5.9%205.9%200%20113.2%200h2.3l1.1.9h.2a1.71%201.71%200%20011.6%201.2l2.9%2011.3a.84.84%200%2001-.4.7zM34%2029.6l-2.9-11.3a2.78%202.78%200%2000-2.4-2l-.7-.5a6.82%206.82%200%20002.2-5%206.9%206.9%200%2000-13.8%200%207%207%200%20002.2%205.1l-.6.5a2.55%202.55%200%2000-2.3%202s-3%2011.1-3%2011.2v.1a1.58%201.58%200%20001%201.9l1.2.4a1.63%201.63%200%20001.9-.9l.8-2%20.2%2012.8h11.3l.2-12.6.7%201.8a1.54%201.54%200%20001.5%201%201.09%201.09%200%2000.5-.1l1.3-.4a1.85%201.85%200%2000.7-2zm-1.2.9l-1.2.4a.61.61%200%2001-.7-.3L28.4%2024l-.2%2016.8h-9.4L18.6%2024l-2.7%206.7a.52.52%200%2001-.66.31l-1.1-.4a.52.52%200%2001-.31-.66l3.1-11.3a1.69%201.69%200%20011.5-1.3h.2l1-.9h2.3a5.9%205.9%200%20113.2%200h2.3l1.1.9h.2a1.71%201.71%200%20011.6%201.2l2.9%2011.3a.84.84%200%2001-.4.7z%22%20fill%3D%22%23333%22%20fill-
opacity%3D%22.2%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M15.4%2038.8h-4a1.64%201.64%200%2001-1.4-1.1l-3.1-8a.9.9%200%2001-.5.1l-1.4.1a1.62%201.62%200%2001-1.6-1.4L2.3%2015.4l1.6-1.3a6.87%206.87%200%2001-3-4.6A7.14%207.14%200%20012%204a7.6%207.6%200%20014.7-3.1A7.14%207.14%200%200112.2%202a7.28%207.28%200%20012.3%209.6l2.1-.1.1%201c0%20.2.1.5.1.8a2.41%202.41%200%20011%201s1.9%203.2%202.8%204.9c.7%201.2%202.1%204.2%202.8%205.9a2.1%202.1%200%2001-.8%202.6l-.6.4a1.63%201.63%200%2001-1.5.2l-.6-.3a8.93%208.93%200%2000.5%201.3%207.91%207.91%200%20001.8%202.6l.6.3v4.6l-4.5-.1a7.32%207.32%200%2001-2.5-1.5l-.4%203.6zm-10-19.2l3.5%209.8%202.9%207.5h1.6V35l-1.9-9.4%203.1%205.4a8.24%208.24%200%20003.8%203.8h2.1v-1.4a14%2014%200%2001-2.2-3.1%2044.55%2044.55%200%2001-2.2-8l-1.3-6.3%203.2%205.6c.6%201.1%202.1%203.6%202.8%204.9l.6-.4c-.8-1.6-2.1-4.6-2.8-5.8-.9-1.7-2.8-4.9-2.8-4.9a.54.54%200%2000-.4-.3l-.7-.1-.1-.7a4.33%204.33%200%2000-.1-.5l-5.3.3%202.2-1.9a4.3%204.3%200%2000.9-1%205.17%205.17%200%2000.8-4%205.67%205.67%200%2000-2.2-3.4%205.09%205.09%200%2000-4-.8%205.67%205.67%200%2000-3.4%202.2%205.17%205.17%200%2000-.8%204%205.67%205.67%200%20002.2%203.4%203.13%203.13%200%20001%20.5l1.6.6-3.2%202.6%201%2011.5h.4l-.3-8.2z%22%20fill%3D%22%23333%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M3.35%2015.9l1.1%2012.5a.39.39%200%2000.36.42h.14l1.4-.1a.66.66%200%2000.5-.4l-.2-3.8-3.3-8.6z%22%20fill%3D%22%23fdbf2d%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M5.2%2028.8l1.1-.1a.66.66%200%2000.5-.4l-.2-3.8-1.2-3.1z%22%20fill%3D%22%23ce592b%22%20fill-
opacity%3D%22.25%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M21.4%2035.7l-3.8-1.2-2.7-7.8L12%2015.5l3.4-2.9c.2%202.4%202.2%2014.1%203.7%2017.1%200%200%201.3%202.6%202.3%203.1v2.9m-8.4-8.1l-2-.3%202.5%2010.1.9.4v-2.9%22%20fill%3D%22%23e5892b%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M17.8%2025.4c-.4-1.5-.7-3.1-1.1-4.8-.1-.4-.1-.7-.2-1.1l-1.1-2-1.7-1.6s.9%205%202.4%207.1a19.12%2019.12%200%20001.7%202.4z%22%20style%3D%22isolation%3Aisolate%22%20fill%3D%22%23cf572e%22%20opacity%3D%22.6%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M14.4%2037.8h-3a.43.43%200%2001-.4-.4l-3-7.8-1.7-4.8-3-9%208.9-.4s2.9%2011.3%204.3%2014.4c1.9%204.1%203.1%204.7%205%205.8h-3.2s-4.1-1.2-5.9-7.7a.59.59%200%2000-.6-.4.62.62%200%2000-.3.7s.5%202.4.9%203.6a34.87%2034.87%200%20002%206z%22%20fill%3D%22%23fdbf2d%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M15.4%2012.7l-3.3%202.9-8.9.4%203.3-2.7%22%20fill%3D%22%23ce592b%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M9.1%2021.1l1.4-6.2-5.9.5%22%20style%3D%22isolation%3Aisolate%22%20fill%3D%22%23cf572e%22%20opacity%3D%22.6%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M12%2013.5a4.75%204.75%200%2001-2.6%201.1c-1.5.3-2.9.2-2.9%200s1.1-.6%202.7-1%22%20fill%3D%22%23bb3d19%22/%3E%3Ccircle%20cx%3D%227.92%22%20cy%3D%228.19%22%20r%3D%226.3%22%20fill%3D%22%23fdbf2d%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M4.7%2013.6a6.21%206.21%200%20008.4-1.9v-.1a8.89%208.89%200%2001-8.4%202z%22%20fill%3D%22%23ce592b%22%20fill-
opacity%3D%22.25%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M21.2%2027.2l.6-.4a1.09%201.09%200%2000.4-1.3c-.7-1.5-2.1-4.6-2.8-5.8-.9-1.7-2.8-4.9-2.8-4.9a1.6%201.6%200%2000-2.17-.65l-.23.15a1.68%201.68%200%2000-.4%202.1s2.3%203.9%203.1%205.3c.6%201%202.1%203.7%202.9%205.1a.94.94%200%20001.24.49l.16-.09z%22%20fill%3D%22%23fdbf2d%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M19.4%2019.8c-.9-1.7-2.8-4.9-2.8-4.9a1.6%201.6%200%2000-2.17-.65l-.23.15-.3.3c1.1%201.5%202.9%203.8%203.9%205.4%201.1%201.8%202.9%205%203.8%206.7l.1-.1a1.09%201.09%200%2000.4-1.3%2057.67%2057.67%200%2000-2.7-5.6z%22%20fill%3D%22%23ce592b%22%20fill-
opacity%3D%22.25%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23666%22%20d%3D%22M18%207h-7V0H7v7H0v4h7v7h4v-7h7z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23333%22%20d%3D%22M18%207h-7V0H7v7H0v4h7v7h4v-7h7z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23111%22%20d%3D%22M18%207h-7V0H7v7H0v4h7v7h4v-7h7z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23d1d1d1%22%20d%3D%22M18%207h-7V0H7v7H0v4h7v7h4v-7h7z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23666%22%20d%3D%22M0%207h18v4H0V7z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23333%22%20d%3D%22M0%207h18v4H0V7z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23111%22%20d%3D%22M0%207h18v4H0V7z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2018%2018%22%3E%3Cpath%20fill%3D%22%23d1d1d1%22%20d%3D%22M0%207h18v4H0V7z%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![Google](data:image/svg+xml,%3Csvg%20fill%3D%22none%22%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A//www.w3.org/2000/svg%22%20viewBox%3D%220%200%2069%2029%22%3E%3Cg%20opacity%3D%22.3%22%20fill%3D%22%23000%22%20stroke%3D%22%23000%22%20stroke-
width%3D%221.5%22%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M17.4706%207.33616L18.0118%206.79504%2017.4599%206.26493C16.0963%204.95519%2014.2582%203.94522%2011.7008%203.94522c-4.613699999999999%200-8.50262%203.7551699999999997-8.50262%208.395779999999998C3.19818%2016.9817%207.0871%2020.7368%2011.7008%2020.7368%2014.1712%2020.7368%2016.0773%2019.918%2017.574%2018.3689%2019.1435%2016.796%2019.5956%2014.6326%2019.5956%2012.957%2019.5956%2012.4338%2019.5516%2011.9316%2019.4661%2011.5041L19.3455%2010.9012H10.9508V14.4954H15.7809C15.6085%2015.092%2015.3488%2015.524%2015.0318%2015.8415%2014.403%2016.4629%2013.4495%2017.1509%2011.7008%2017.1509%209.04835%2017.1509%206.96482%2015.0197%206.96482%2012.341%206.96482%209.66239%209.04835%207.53119%2011.7008%207.53119%2013.137%207.53119%2014.176%208.09189%2014.9578%208.82348L15.4876%209.31922%2016.0006%208.80619%2017.4706%207.33616z%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M24.8656%2020.7286C27.9546%2020.7286%2030.4692%2018.3094%2030.4692%2015.0594%2030.4692%2011.7913%2027.953%209.39009%2024.8656%209.39009%2021.7783%209.39009%2019.2621%2011.7913%2019.2621%2015.0594c0%203.25%202.514499999999998%205.6692%205.6035%205.6692zM24.8656%2012.8282C25.8796%2012.8282%2026.8422%2013.6652%2026.8422%2015.0594%2026.8422%2016.4399%2025.8769%2017.2905%2024.8656%2017.2905%2023.8557%2017.2905%2022.8891%2016.4331%2022.8891%2015.0594%2022.8891%2013.672%2023.853%2012.8282%2024.8656%2012.8282z%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M35.7511%2017.2905v0H35.7469C34.737%2017.2905%2033.7703%2016.4331%2033.7703%2015.0594%2033.7703%2013.672%2034.7343%2012.8282%2035.7469%2012.8282%2036.7608%2012.8282%2037.7234%2013.6652%2037.7234%2015.0594%2037.7234%2016.4439%2036.7554%2017.2961%2035.7511%2017.2905zM35.7387%2020.7286C38.8277%2020.7286%2041.3422%2018.3094%2041.3422%2015.0594%2041.3422%2011.7913%2038.826%209.39009%2035.7387%209.39009%2032.6513%209.39009%2030.1351%2011.7913%2030.1351%2015.0594%2030.1351%2018.3102%2032.6587%2020.7286%2035.7387%2020.7286z%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M51.953%2010.4357V9.68573H48.3999V9.80826C47.8499%209.54648%2047.1977%209.38187%2046.4808%209.38187%2043.5971%209.38187%2041.0168%2011.8998%2041.0168%2015.0758%2041.0168%2017.2027%2042.1808%2019.0237%2043.8201%2019.9895L43.7543%2020.0168%2041.8737%2020.797%2041.1808%2021.0844%2041.4684%2021.7772C42.0912%2023.2776%2043.746%2025.1469%2046.5219%2025.1469%2047.9324%2025.1469%2049.3089%2024.7324%2050.3359%2023.7376%2051.3691%2022.7367%2051.953%2021.2411%2051.953%2019.2723v-8.8366zm-7.2194%209.9844L44.7334%2020.4196C45.2886%2020.6201%2045.878%2020.7286%2046.4808%2020.7286%2047.1616%2020.7286%2047.7866%2020.5819%2048.3218%2020.3395%2048.2342%2020.7286%2048.0801%2021.0105%2047.8966%2021.2077%2047.6154%2021.5099%2047.1764%2021.7088%2046.5219%2021.7088%2045.61%2021.7088%2045.0018%2021.0612%2044.7336%2020.4201zM46.6697%2012.8282C47.6419%2012.8282%2048.5477%2013.6765%2048.5477%2015.084%2048.5477%2016.4636%2047.6521%2017.2987%2046.6697%2017.2987%2045.6269%2017.2987%2044.6767%2016.4249%2044.6767%2015.084%2044.6767%2013.7086%2045.6362%2012.8282%2046.6697%2012.8282zM55.7387%205.22081v-.75H52.0788V20.4412H55.7387V5.22081z%22/%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M63.9128%2016.0614L63.2945%2015.6492%2062.8766%2016.2637C62.4204%2016.9346%2061.8664%2017.3069%2061.0741%2017.3069%2060.6435%2017.3069%2060.3146%2017.2088%2060.0544%2017.0447%2059.9844%2017.0006%2059.9161%2016.9496%2059.8498%2016.8911L65.5497%2014.5286%2066.2322%2014.2456%2065.9596%2013.5589%2065.7406%2013.0075C65.2878%2011.8%2063.8507%209.39832%2060.8278%209.39832%2057.8445%209.39832%2055.5034%2011.7619%2055.5034%2015.0676%2055.5034%2018.2151%2057.8256%2020.7369%2061.0659%2020.7369%2063.6702%2020.7369%2065.177%2019.1378%2065.7942%2018.2213L66.2152%2017.5963%2065.5882%2017.1783%2063.9128%2016.0614zM61.3461%2012.8511L59.4108%2013.6526C59.7903%2013.0783%2060.4215%2012.7954%2060.9017%2012.7954%2061.067%2012.7954%2061.2153%2012.8161%2061.3461%2012.8511z%22/%3E%3C/g%3E%3Cpath%20d%3D%22M11.7008%2019.9868C7.48776%2019.9868%203.94818%2016.554%203.94818%2012.341%203.94818%208.12803%207.48776%204.69522%2011.7008%204.69522%2014.0331%204.69522%2015.692%205.60681%2016.9403%206.80583L15.4703%208.27586C14.5751%207.43819%2013.3597%206.78119%2011.7008%206.78119%208.62108%206.78119%206.21482%209.26135%206.21482%2012.341%206.21482%2015.4207%208.62108%2017.9009%2011.7008%2017.9009%2013.6964%2017.9009%2014.8297%2017.0961%2015.5606%2016.3734%2016.1601%2015.7738%2016.5461%2014.9197%2016.6939%2013.7454h-4.9931V11.6512h7.0298C18.8045%2012.0207%2018.8456%2012.4724%2018.8456%2012.957%2018.8456%2014.5255%2018.4186%2016.4637%2017.0389%2017.8434%2015.692%2019.2395%2013.9838%2019.9868%2011.7008%2019.9868zM29.7192%2015.0594C29.7192%2017.8927%2027.5429%2019.9786%2024.8656%2019.9786%2022.1884%2019.9786%2020.0121%2017.8927%2020.0121%2015.0594%2020.0121%2012.2096%2022.1884%2010.1401%2024.8656%2010.1401%2027.5429%2010.1401%2029.7192%2012.2096%2029.7192%2015.0594zM27.5922%2015.0594C27.5922%2013.2855%2026.3274%2012.0782%2024.8656%2012.0782S22.1391%2013.2937%2022.1391%2015.0594C22.1391%2016.8086%2023.4038%2018.0405%2024.8656%2018.0405S27.5922%2016.8168%2027.5922%2015.0594zM40.5922%2015.0594C40.5922%2017.8927%2038.4159%2019.9786%2035.7387%2019.9786%2033.0696%2019.9786%2030.8851%2017.8927%2030.8851%2015.0594%2030.8851%2012.2096%2033.0614%2010.1401%2035.7387%2010.1401%2038.4159%2010.1401%2040.5922%2012.2096%2040.5922%2015.0594zM38.4734%2015.0594C38.4734%2013.2855%2037.2087%2012.0782%2035.7469%2012.0782%2034.2851%2012.0782%2033.0203%2013.2937%2033.0203%2015.0594%2033.0203%2016.8086%2034.2851%2018.0405%2035.7469%2018.0405%2037.2087%2018.0487%2038.4734%2016.8168%2038.4734%2015.0594zM51.203%2010.4357v8.8366C51.203%2022.9105%2049.0595%2024.3969%2046.5219%2024.3969%2044.132%2024.3969%2042.7031%2022.7955%2042.161%2021.4897L44.0417%2020.7095C44.3784%2021.5143%2045.1997%2022.4588%2046.5219%2022.4588%2048.1479%2022.4588%2049.1499%2021.4487%2049.1499%2019.568V18.8617H49.0759C48.5914%2019.4612%2047.6552%2019.9786%2046.4808%2019.9786%2044.0171%2019.9786%2041.7668%2017.8352%2041.7668%2015.0758%2041.7668%2012.3%2044.0253%2010.1319%2046.4808%2010.1319%2047.6552%2010.1319%2048.5914%2010.6575%2049.0759%2011.2323H49.1499V10.4357H51.203zM49.2977%2015.084C49.2977%2013.3512%2048.1397%2012.0782%2046.6697%2012.0782%2045.175%2012.0782%2043.9267%2013.3429%2043.9267%2015.084%2043.9267%2016.8004%2045.175%2018.0487%2046.6697%2018.0487%2048.1397%2018.0487%2049.2977%2016.8004%2049.2977%2015.084zM54.9887%205.22081V19.6912H52.8288V5.22081H54.9887zM63.4968%2016.6854L65.1722%2017.8023C64.6301%2018.6072%2063.3244%2019.9869%2061.0659%2019.9869%2058.2655%2019.9869%2056.2534%2017.827%2056.2534%2015.0676%2056.2534%2012.1439%2058.2901%2010.1483%2060.8278%2010.1483%2063.3818%2010.1483%2064.6301%2012.1768%2065.0408%2013.2773L65.2625%2013.8357%2058.6843%2016.5623C59.1853%2017.5478%2059.9737%2018.0569%2061.0741%2018.0569%2062.1746%2018.0569%2062.9384%2017.5067%2063.4968%2016.6854zM58.3312%2014.9115L62.7331%2013.0884C62.4867%2012.4724%2061.764%2012.0454%2060.9017%2012.0454%2059.8012%2012.0454%2058.2737%2013.0145%2058.3312%2014.9115z%22%20fill%3D%22%23fff%22/%3E%3C/svg%3E)

Keyboard shortcuts


Map data ©2024 Google

200 m


Terms

Report a map error

Email: info@blackbaygroup.ca  
Phone: (902) 422-5800

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

# Commercial units

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9208-copy-800x593.jpg)

5663 Cornwallis Street

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

# Residential units

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-
St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-
st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-
Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-
render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)

The Gables – 144 Victoria Road

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)

1097 to 1101 Lucknow Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-
exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

2 and 4 McIntosh Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-
exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-
Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-
Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-
Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-
Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-
ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

# Residential units

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-
St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-
st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-
Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-
render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-
exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-
exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-
Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-
Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-
Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-
Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-
ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

# Media Statement

**Official Statement to CBC re. media report on April 13, 2023**

**Attention Nicola Seguin:**

On behalf of BlackBay Real Estate, the following is our response to your
formal request for comment regarding our property located at 71 Primrose
Street.

As a responsible property owner in Nova Scotia, it is crucial to ensure that
your properties are not only safe and habitable but also modern, energy-
efficient, and environmentally friendly. When you take ownership of a property
that is over 50 years old and has had no significant renovations or upgrades
completed during the span of its life, we are forced to make required and
substantial renovations in order to meet to achieve these standards. This is
the case with our building at 71 Primrose St.

BlackBay has a proven track record in investing in renovations and
restorations to ensure our buildings are not in disrepair. We strongly believe
investing in the maintenance and essential upgrades of our properties is the
responsible and ethical approach to managing safe and sustainable properties.
In this case, the upgrades and general improvements are unavoidable and the
scope of work requires that the tenants vacate their living space in order to
safely complete our work. These upgrades will ensure that our tenants have
access to modern amenities, energy-efficient appliances as well as safe and
accessible living conditions. We appreciate being asked to temporarily
relocate can be an inconvenience and add stress to our tenants. It is because
of this, that we have gone above and beyond our legal requirements to offer
multiple options to assist our tenants during this transition. We have always
been transparent regarding our intentions to renovate and have acted in good
faith to support our tenants.

By upgrading one of Halifax’s most dilapidated buildings, we are not only
improving the living conditions of our tenants, but also contributing to the
overall revitalization of the community. It is worth noting that several of
the current tenants in the building agree that the repairs are necessary and
substantial. Furthermore, we are committing to keeping 60% of the building
designated as affordable housing to help ensure that our tenants have access
to quality housing at a fair price, while also contributing to the broader
goal of increasing the supply of affordable housing in the region.

Thank-you for the opportunity to provide our response.

Greg Smith  
Chief Operations Officer

Please direct all inquiries to greg.smith@blackbaygroup.ca

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 57 Main Avenue

Fully renovated building, centrally located just minutes to Bayers Lake
Business Park, Armdale Rotary and the downtown core! These units feature
granite countertops, new flooring, stainless steel appliances, open floor
concept with large windows and natural light. All utilities included (heat,
electricity, water, hot water, parking). Live with ease knowing your monthly
cost will be consistent. Call for your own private showing.

### Building Features

    * Stainless steel appliances
    * Dishwasher
    * Granite Countertops
    * Included parking
    * Outdoor space

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * 1 Bedrooms from $1395 per month
  * 2 Bedrooms from $1750 per month

Previous

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA1-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-2.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-
interior.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA10-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA9-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA8-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA7-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA6-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA5-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA4-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA3-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA2-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA1-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-2.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-
interior.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA10-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA9-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA8-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA7-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA6-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA5-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA4-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA3-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA2-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MA1-scaled.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7
  * 8
  * 9
  * 10
  * 11
  * 12
  * 13

## Other Properties

Previous

![587 King St, Bridgewater, NS](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

![2391-2397 Agricola Street: BlackBay Real Estate
Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

![2399 Agricola Street: BlackBay Real Estate
Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

![6 Mitchell Street: BlackBay Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

![252/254 Victoria Road Dartmouth, NS Exterior
shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

![56 Evans Avenue: BlackBay Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

![144 Victoria Road: BlackBay Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


![88/90/90A Windmill Road: BlackBay Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

![5639 Fenwick Street: BlackBay Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

![23 Best Street: BlackBay Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

![2172 Gottingen Street: BlackBay Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

![1097-1101 Lucknow Street: BlackBay Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


![5510 Falkland Street: BlackBay Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

![2&4 McIntosh Street: BlackBay Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


![11 Primrose Street: BlackBay Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

![169 Albro Lake Road: BlackBay Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

![23 Crystal Drive: BlackBay Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

![25 Vimy Avenue: BlackBay Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![58 Main Avenue: BlackBay Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

![1266 Queen Street: BlackBay Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

![1095 Lucknow Street: BlackBay Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 23 Best Street

Newly renovated suites in the heart of Downtown Dartmouth. Just a quick walk
or bike ride to Alderney Landing. This energetic and trendy neighbourhood has
lots to offer right at your doorstep such as coffee shops, local restaurants
and boutique shopping, ferry, and many more.

### Building Features

    * Vinyl/tile throughout
    * Parking available
    * Brand new kitchen with granite
    * Large Bedrooms
    * Quiet building
    * Laundry on site
    * Lots of natural sunlight
    * Water views
    * High quality finishes

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * Units starting at $1,600 per month

Previous

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_3341-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-e1619181842574.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_3333-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_3339-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_3340-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_3341-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-e1619181842574.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_3333-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_3339-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_3340-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_3341-rotated.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 25 Vimy Avenue

granite countertops, new flooring, stainless steel appliances and lots of
natural light. Some units also feature stunning water views of the Bedford
Basin. Included is water, hot water, heat and parking. Tenant is responsible
for power. All new energy efficient appliances and windows.

### Building Features

    * Stainless steel appliances
    * Dishwasher
    * Granite countertops
    * Included parking
    * Outdoor space
    * Water views

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * 1 Bedrooms from $1325 per month
  * 2 Bedrooms from $1600 per month

Previous

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/VIM2-scaled.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-2.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-lobby-2.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-lobby.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/Vim1-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/VIM10-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/VIM9-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/VIM8-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/VIM7-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/VIM6-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/VIM5-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/VIM4-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/VIM3-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/VIM2-scaled.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-2.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-lobby-2.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-lobby.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/Vim1-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/VIM10-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/VIM9-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/VIM8-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/VIM7-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/VIM6-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/VIM5-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/VIM4-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/VIM3-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/VIM2-scaled.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7
  * 8
  * 9
  * 10
  * 11
  * 12
  * 13
  * 14

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 58 Main Avenue

granite countertops, hardwood flooring and stainless steel appliances.
Included is water, hot water, heat and parking. Tenant is responsible for
power. All new energy efficient appliances.

### Building Features

    * Stainless steel appliances
    * Dishwasher
    * Granite countertops
    * Hardwood flooring
    * Included parking
    * Outdoor space

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * 1 Bedrooms from $1200 per month
  * 2 Bedrooms from $1595 per month

Previous

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/58M1.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-1.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/58M5.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/58M4.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/58M3.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/58M2.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/58M1.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-1.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/58M5.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/58M4.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/58M3.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/58M2.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/58M1.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 587 King Street

### Building Features

    * Off street parking
    * On-site mail
    * In suite laundry 
    * 6 appliances (OTR Microwave, Washer/Dryer, Dishwasher, Heat Pump/AC, Fridge, Stove)
    * Secure building 
    * Intercom system
    * Granite countertops 
    * Central location (Close to: King St shop's, Bridgewater Mall, Walking trails, Michelin, Lunenburg County Lifestyle Center, Southshore Regional Hospital 

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * 1-bedroom, loft style starts at $1600 to $1750
  * 1-bedroom one level starts at $1450 
  * 1-bedroom, separate entrance, accessible $2200

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St.jpg)

  * 1

## Other Properties

Previous

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 4 Nafthal Drive

Brand new contemporary suites in the heart of Bridgewater located on Nafthal
Drive. Just a quick walk or bike ride to the downtown and all amenities. This
great neighbourhood has lots to offer right at your doorstep. It’s walking
distance to the Bridgewater farmers market and curling club, South Shore
Regional Hospital, shopping, and is within 2 kilometres from King Street.

### Building Features

    * Ductless Heat Pump (Air Conditioning)
    * Granite Countertops Throughout
    * Kitchen Island
    * In-Suite Laundry
    * 6 Appliances (Stainless Steel)
    * Open Concept
    * Luxury Vinyl Tile (LVT)
    * Secure Building with Intercom Access

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * One Bedrooms: Starting at $1350.00 Per month
  * Two Bedrooms: Starting at $1595.00 Per month
  * Rent Includes Water and 1 Parking Spot.

Previous

![4 Nafthal Drive, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3736-scaled.jpeg)

![4 Nafthal Drive, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-scaled.jpeg)

![4 Nafthal Drive, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3734-scaled.jpeg)

![4 Nafthal Drive, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3733-scaled.jpeg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3739-scaled.jpg)

![4 Nafthal Drive, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3732-scaled.jpeg)

![4 Nafthal Drive, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3730-scaled.jpeg)

![4 Nafthal Drive, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3736-scaled.jpeg)

![4 Nafthal Drive, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-scaled.jpeg)

![4 Nafthal Drive, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3734-scaled.jpeg)

![4 Nafthal Drive, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3733-scaled.jpeg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3739-scaled.jpg)

![4 Nafthal Drive, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3732-scaled.jpeg)

![4 Nafthal Drive, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3730-scaled.jpeg)

![4 Nafthal Drive, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3736-scaled.jpeg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 557 King Street

Brand new suites in the heart of Bridgewater located on highly sought-after
King Street. Just a quick walk or bike ride to all amenities and shopping
district. This great neighbourhood has lots to offer right at your doorstep
with views of the famous river, walking distance to the Bridgewater farmers
market, shopping mall, and curling club and many more attractions.

### Building Features

    * Commercial Space on Ground level
    * Balconies and/or Patio
    * Granite Countertops Throughout
    * Kitchen Island
    * In-Suite Laundry
    * Open Concept
    * High end finishes
    * Recessed Lighting Throughout

Previous

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_2968.jpg)

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059640913__042C4008-EAD8-4DA6-8138-A6FDC3C8A624.jpeg)

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4876.jpeg)

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4864.jpeg)

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4867.jpeg)

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4866.jpeg)

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4868.jpeg)

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4869.jpeg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4870.jpeg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4874.jpeg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4871.jpeg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4872.jpeg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4873.jpeg)

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_2968.jpg)

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059640913__042C4008-EAD8-4DA6-8138-A6FDC3C8A624.jpeg)

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4876.jpeg)

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4864.jpeg)

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4867.jpeg)

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4866.jpeg)

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4868.jpeg)

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4869.jpeg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4870.jpeg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4874.jpeg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4871.jpeg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4872.jpeg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4873.jpeg)

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_2968.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7
  * 8
  * 9
  * 10
  * 11
  * 12
  * 13
  * 14

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 56 Evans Avenue

natural light. Included is water, hot water and parking. Tenant is responsible
for heat and power. All new energy efficient appliances and new windows. Call
today for your own private viewing!

### Building Features

    * Stainless steel appliances
    * Dishwasher
    * Granite countertops
    * Included parking
    * Outdoor space

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * 2 bedrooms from $1550 per month

Previous

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/EV1-scaled.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-4.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-3.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-2.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/EV5-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/EV4-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/EV3-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/EV2-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/EV1-scaled.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-4.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-3.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-2.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/EV5-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/EV4-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/EV3-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/EV2-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/EV1-scaled.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7
  * 8
  * 9

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 23 Crystal Drive

Beautiful freshly renovated apartments located in Dartmouth just minutes to
the downtown area. These units are completed with all new flooring, brand new
kitchens with granite countertops, new appliances, etc! Call today to make
this place your home.

### Building Features

    * Stainless steel appliances
    * Granite countertops
    * Included parking
    * Outdoor space

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * 1 Bedrooms from $1095 per month
  * 2 Bedrooms from $1325 per month

Previous

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/CRY1-scaled.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-bathroom.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-kitchen.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-living-room.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/CRY1-scaled.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-bathroom.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-kitchen.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-living-room.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/CRY1-scaled.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 6 Mitchell Street

Brand new units just minutes to the downtown core of Dartmouth. Within walking
distance of all your essential needs (shops grocery stores, etc). These units
are completed with granite countertops, stainless steel appliances,
dishwashers and lots of natural light.

### Building Features

    * Heat/Hot Water Included
    * Parking Available
    * On Site Laundry
    * Stainless Steel Appliances
    * Dishwasher
    * Granite Countertops

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * 1 Bedrooms from $1600.00 per month
  * 2 Bedrooms from $1895.00 per month

Previous

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6M8-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6MM-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6MM3-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6MM2-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6M1-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6M7-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6M6-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6M5-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6M4-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6M3-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6M2-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6M9-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6M8-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6MM-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6MM3-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6MM2-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6M1-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6M7-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6M6-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6M5-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6M4-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6M3-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6M2-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6M9-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/6M8-scaled.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7
  * 8
  * 9
  * 10
  * 11
  * 12

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# The Gables – 144 Victoria Road

Brand new contemporary suites in the heart of Bridgewater located on Victoria
Road. Just a quick walk or bike ride to the downtown and all amenities. This
distance to the Bridgewater farmers market and curling club, and is 2
kilometres from King Street.

### Building Features

    * Elevator
    * Balconies and/or Patio
    * Granite Countertops Throughout
    * Kitchen Island
    * In-Suite Laundry
    * Open Concept
    * Recessed Lighting Throughout

Previous

content/uploads/2021/04/144_Gables.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0061.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/144_Gables.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0061.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/144_Gables.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 1266 Queen Street

Beautiful heritage property in the South End of Halifax. These suites offer
long-term or short-term rentals at an affordable price. Whether you’re
travelling for business or pleasure these charming units will make you feel
right at home.

### Building Features

    * Furnished Suites Available
    * Heat and Hot Water Included
    * New Appliances
    * Hardwood Flooring
    * Loads of character
    * Some with decks
    * Parking available

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * Bachelor from $1350
  * 1-BR from $1800
  * 3-BR from $2400

Previous

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8828.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/Hq_4-Photo.jpeg)

content/uploads/2018/05/Hq_3-Photo.jpeg)

content/uploads/2018/05/Hq_1-Photo.jpeg)

content/uploads/2018/05/Hq_7-Photo.jpeg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8743.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8822.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8823.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8824.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8825.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8826.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8828.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/Hq_4-Photo.jpeg)

content/uploads/2018/05/Hq_3-Photo.jpeg)

content/uploads/2018/05/Hq_1-Photo.jpeg)

content/uploads/2018/05/Hq_7-Photo.jpeg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8743.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8822.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8823.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8824.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8825.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8826.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8828.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7
  * 8
  * 9
  * 10
  * 11

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 11 Primrose Street


### Building Features

    * Stainless steel appliances
    * Dishwasher
    * Granite countertops
    * Included parking
    * Outdoor space

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * 1 Bedrooms from $1295 per month

Previous

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/Prim4-scaled.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-1.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-kitchen-living-room.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-kitchen.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/Prim01-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/Prim5-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/Prim2-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/Prim3-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/Prim4-scaled.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-1.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-kitchen-living-room.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-kitchen.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/Prim01-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/Prim5-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/Prim2-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/Prim3-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/Prim4-scaled.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7
  * 8
  * 9

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 1095 Lucknow Street

If charm is what you’re looking for, Lucknow Gardens is the one for you. This
building is a must see, located in the South End of Halifax, this is just a
short walk to all amenities, Spring Garden Road, Universities and shopping.

### Building Features

    * French Balcony
    * Large rooms
    * Storage
    * Lots of character
    * Some with decks
    * Parking available
    * Coin operated laundry

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * 1-BR from $1695
  * 2-BR from $2000

Previous

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9220.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_2441-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_2444-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8955-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8958-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8960-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9219.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9220.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_2441-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_2444-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8955-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8958-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8960-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9219.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9220.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7
  * 8

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 5639 Fenwick Street

This newly renovated property is situated on Fenwick Street in the heart of
Halifax’s South End. Located only minutes to Hospitals, Dalhousie, Saint
Mary’s University, Sobeys, Superstore, and Spring Garden Road.

### Building Features

    * Hardwood/tile throughout
    * Parking
    * New bathroom
    * Balcony
    * Quiet building/separate entry
    * Laundry
    * High quality finishes

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * 1 Bedrooms ranging from $1,500 - $1,700
  * 2 Bedrooms ranging from $1,750 - $2,100

Previous

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_8722-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-e1619184012816.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9221.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_7815-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_8168-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_8174-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_8175-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_8178-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_8719-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_8722-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-e1619184012816.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9221.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_7815-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_8168-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_8174-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_8175-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_8178-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_8719-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_8722-rotated.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7
  * 8
  * 9

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 169 Albro Lake Road

Fully renovated building just minutes to the downtown core of Dartmouth.
Within walking distance to all your essential needs (shops, grocery stores,
etc). If you like being outside then you will love being within walking
distance to the lake and trail. These suites feature granite countertops,
stainless steel appliances and lots of natural light! Included is water,
tenant is responsible for heat and power. All energy efficient appliances and
windows.

### Building Features

    * Stainless steel appliances
    * Dishwasher
    * Granite countertops
    * Included parking
    * Outdoor space

### Monthly Unit Costs


Previous

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/AB6-scaled.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-kitchen.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/AB1-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/AB5-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/AB4-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/AB3-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/AB2-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/AB6-scaled.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-kitchen.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/AB1-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/AB5-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/AB4-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/AB3-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/AB2-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/AB6-scaled.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7
  * 8

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 5636 Fenwick Street

If charm is what you’re looking for, Fenwick Gardens is the one for you. This
historic Victorian building is a must see. Located in the South End of
Halifax, this is just a short walk to all amenities, Spring Garden Road,
Universities and shopping.

### Building Features

    * Electricity Included
    * Stainless Steel Appliances
    * Dishwasher
    * Granite Countertops
    * Hardwood Flooring
    * Lots of character
    * Some with decks
    * Parking available
    * In-suite Laundry

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * 1-BR from $1800
  * 2-BR from $2050

Previous

![5636 Falkland Street: BlackBay Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9224.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00002.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_2459-2.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8110-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8111-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8112-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8114-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9224.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00002.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_2459-2.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8110-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8111-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8112-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_8114-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9224.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7
  * 8

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 2399 Agricola Street

Brand new rentals located on Agricola Street just steps away from the Commons
and a 5-minute walk to downtown. These suites feature granite countertops,
stainless steel appliances, all units have a private entrance with lots of
natural light.

### Building Features

    * Laundry
    * Kitchen Island
    * Dishwasher
    * Granite Countertops
    * Hardwood Flooring
    * Outdoor Space
    * Individual Entrances
    * Lots of character
    * Some with decks

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * 1 bedroom from $1,550
  * 2 bedroom from $1,800

Previous

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola17.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola20.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola19.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola22.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola25.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola29.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola18.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola17.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola20.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola19.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola22.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola25.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola29.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola18.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola17.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7
  * 8

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 5510 Falkland Street

Brand new contemporary suites in the heart of North End Halifax. Just a quick
walk or bike ride to the downtown core and Halifax Commons. This energetic and
trendy neighbourhood has lots to offer right at your doorstep such as coffee
shops, local restaurants and boutique shopping.

### Building Features

    * Heat Included
    * In-Suite Laundry
    * Stainless Steel Appliances
    * Dishwasher
    * Granite Countertops
    * Hardwood Flooring/LVT

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * 1 Bedrooms starting at $1,700

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231.jpg)

  * 1

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 252/254 Victoria Road


### Building Features

    * Stainless Steel Appliances
    * Dishwashers
    * Granite Countertops
    * Parking Available

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * Bachelor's From $1175.00 per month
  * 1 Bedrooms From $1275.00 per month
  * 2 Bedrooms From $1695.00 per month

Previous

![252 Victoria Road Dartmouth, NS Bathroom](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_6.jpg)

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3.jpg)

![254 Victoria Road Dartmouth, NS Exterior shot](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_2.jpg)

![252 Victoria Road Dartmouth, NS Exterior shot](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_1.jpg)

![252 Victoria Road Dartmouth, NS Kitchen #1](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_4.jpg)

![252 Victoria Road Dartmouth, NS Kitchen #2](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_5.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_6.jpg)

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_2.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_1.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_4.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_5.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_6.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

# No Results Found

The page you requested could not be found. Try refining your search, or use
the navigation above to locate the post.

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 2172 Gottingen Street

Brand new contemporary suites in the heart of North End Halifax at The White
Rose. Just a quick walk or bike ride to the downtown core and Halifax Commons.
This energetic and trendy neighbourhood has lots to offer right at your
doorstep such as coffee shops, local restaurants and boutique shopping.

### Building Features

    * Exposed concrete in every unit
    * Balcony units available
    * Open concept
    * Air Conditioning
    * Floor to ceiling windows
    * Granite countertops throughout
    * 4 brand new stainless steel appliances
    * Luxury Vinyl Tile (LVT) in all living areas
    * Modern
    * Quiet building
    * Laundry in suite with additional storage
    * Recessed lighting throughout
    * Secure building with fob access and surveillance
    * High quality finishes
    * Central location

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * Suites starting at $1,750 per month

Previous

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_7720-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/image0.jpeg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_7722-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_7723-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0713-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0718-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0720-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0721-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_7382-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_7720-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/image0.jpeg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_7722-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_7723-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0713-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0718-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0720-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0721-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_7382-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_7720-rotated.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7
  * 8
  * 9
  * 10

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 2267 Brunswick Street

Fully restored character building located on Brunswick Street is just a short
distance from downtown Halifax, the Hydrostone Market and the Halifax Commons.
These suites feature granite countertops, hardwood throughout, stainless steel
appliances and high ceilings with lost of natural light. Water and heat are
included, tenant is responsible for power. All new energy efficient
appliances, new windows and spray insulation. Make this stunning location your
new home today!

### Building Features

    * Heat Included
    * Exposed Brick
    * In-Suite Laundry
    * Stainless Steel Appliances
    * Dishwasher
    * Granite Countertops
    * Hardwood Flooring
    * Available Parking

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * Bach from $1395
  * 1-BR from $1695
  * 2-BR from $2000

Previous

![2267 Brunswick Street: BlackBay Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/04/IMG_9095.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/04/IMG_1067.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/04/IMG_6546.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/04/IMG_8362-2.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/04/IMG_9095.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/04/IMG_1067.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/04/IMG_6546.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/04/IMG_8362-2.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/04/IMG_9095.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 5484-5486 Clyde Street

Luxury brand new rentals in the heart of Downtown Halifax. Only one minute
from Spring Garden Road, Halifax Public Library and much more. These luxurious
units are complete with granite countertops, hardwood throughout, stainless
steel appliances, in-suite washer/dryer and lots of natural light.

### Building Features

    * In-Suite Laundry
    * Stainless Steel Appliances
    * Dishwasher
    * Granite Countertops
    * Hardwood Flooring
    * Lots of character
    * Parking available
    * Air-conditioning and Heat Pumps
    * Large Decks

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * 1-BR from $1750
  * 2-BR from $2100

Previous

![5484/5486 Clyde Street: BlackBay Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_20180820_143226.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/Image-10.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/Image-13.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/Image-21.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/Image-24.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_20180820_143116.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_20180820_143212.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_20180820_143226.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/Image-10.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/Image-13.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/Image-21.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/Image-24.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_20180820_143116.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_20180820_143212.jpg)

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_20180820_143226.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7
  * 8

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 3315 Westerwald Street

Fully renovated building with underground parking, centrally located just
minutes to Bayers Lake Business Park, Armdale Rotary and the downtown core.
This great neighbourhood has lots to offer right at your doorsteps.

### Building Features

    * Laundry
    * Balconies and/or Patio
    * Granite Countertops Throughout
    * Underground heated parking
    * Kitchen Island
    * Open Concept
    * High end finishes
    * Recessed Lighting Throughout

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * 1 Bedrooms starting at $1,500 per month
  * 2 Bedrooms starting at $1,800 per month

Previous

![3315 Westerwald Street: BlackBay Real Estate
Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4403.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-
st-e1654683022326.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4405.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4403.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-
st-e1654683022326.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4405.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/IMG_4403.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 2 and 4 McIntosh Street

Fully renovated building located on McIntosh Street, just a short drive to
downtown Halifax. In the surrounding area you will have direct access to
protected wilderness parks, lakes and hiking/biking trails beyond. These
suites feature granite countertops, stainless steel appliances, custom blinds
and lots of natural light. Included is water, hot water, heat and parking.
Tenant is responsible for power. All new energy efficient appliances and new
windows. Make this stunning unit your new home today!

### Building Features

    * Stainless steel appliances
    * Dishwasher
    * Granite Countertops
    * Included parking
    * Outdoor space
    * Walking distance to parks/trails

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * 2 Bedrooms from $1495 per month

Previous

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MC1-scaled.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-1.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-bathroom.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-kitchen.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MC3-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MC2-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MC1-scaled.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-1.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-bathroom.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-kitchen.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MC3-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MC2-scaled.jpg)

![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/MC1-scaled.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 88/90/90A Windmill Road

Newly renovated 2-bedroom suites in the heart of Downtown Dartmouth. Just a
quick walk or bike ride to the Alderney Landing. This energetic and trendy
neighbourhood has lots to offer right at your doorstep such as coffee shops,
local award-winning restaurants, and boutique shopping, ferry terminal and
NSCC.

### Building Features

    * Hardwood/tile throughout
    * Water Views
    * Parking
    * Storage
    * Large Bedrooms
    * Quiet building
    * Laundry
    * High quality finishes
    * Central location

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * 2 Bedroom Suites starting at $1,550 per month

Previous

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9213.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0595-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0598.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0803-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0804-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0805-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0022.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0024.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0593-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0806-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9213.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0595-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0598.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0803-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0804-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0805-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0022.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0024.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0593-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0806-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9213.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7
  * 8
  * 9
  * 10
  * 11

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 2391-2397 Agricola Street

Brand new rentals located on vibrant Agricola Street just steps away from the
Commons and a 5-minute walk to downtown. These suites feature granite
countertops, stainless steel appliances, all units have a private entrance
with lots of natural light.

### Building Features

    * Laundry
    * Kitchen Island
    * Dishwasher
    * Courtyard Garden
    * Granite Countertops
    * Hardwood Flooring
    * Outdoor Space
    * Individual Entrances
    * Lots of character
    * Balcony

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * Bachelor from $1,300
  * 1 bedroom from $1,650
  * 3 bedroom from $2,500

Previous

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola30.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola6.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola22-1.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola25-1.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola28.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola29-1.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola32.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola33.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola30.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola6.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola22-1.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola25-1.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola28.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola29-1.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola32.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola33.jpg)

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/uploads/2021/12/agricola30.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7
  * 8
  * 9

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


![](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-content/plugins/loading-screen//img/bbg-
icon.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

APPLY NOW

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/bbg-logo-white.png)

  * About
  * Residential
  * Commercial
  * Contact
  * Media Statement

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/themes/blackbay/img/top-right-wood-triangle.png)

# 1097 to 1101 Lucknow Street

Lucknow Suites is a must-see property, with lofted units. This property is
located in the South End of Halifax, an ideal location for students or
professionals. Just a short walk to all Halifax’s points of interest, like
Spring Garden Road, Universities and shopping.

### Building Features

    * Large Units
    * Mostly 2-level Units
    * Individual Entrances
    * New Appliances
    * Hardwood Flooring
    * Modern and chic
    * Some with decks
    * Parking available
    * Granite countertops

### Monthly Unit Costs

  * 1-BR from $1650
  * 2-BR from $2250

Previous

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9228.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0435.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0436.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0439.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0447-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0989-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0997-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9228.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0435.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0436.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0439.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0447-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0989-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_0997-rotated.jpg)

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9227-e1618248763815.jpg)

Next

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5
  * 6
  * 7
  * 8

## Other Properties

Previous

content/uploads/2023/02/587-King-St-800x593.jpg)

587 King Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/IMG_3743-1-scaled-e1663678404344-800x593.jpeg)

4 Nafthal Drive

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola3-800x593.jpg)

2391-2397 Agricola Street

Group](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/agricola13-800x593.jpg)

2399 Agricola Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/3315-westerwald-st-2-800x593.jpg)

3315 Westerwald Street

![557 King Street, Bridgewater](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/12/66059638873__0D79597F-137B-4B20-BE4A-D0A40AAEAF2D.jpeg)

557 King Street

content/uploads/2021/12/6-Mitchell-1-e1638981609435-800x593.jpg)

6 Mitchell Street

shots](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/252_Victoria_Road_3-800x593.jpg)

252/254 Victoria Road

content/uploads/2021/05/56-Evans-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

56 Evans Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/front-elevation-render-04.07.2021-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9214-copy-800x593.jpg)

88/90/90A Windmill Road

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9225-copy-800x593.jpg)

5639 Fenwick Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9212-copy-800x593.jpg)

23 Best Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9210-800x593.jpg)

2172 Gottingen Street

content/uploads/2021/04/IMG_9231-800x593.jpg)

5510 Falkland Street

content/uploads/2021/04/2-McIntosh-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)


content/uploads/2021/04/11-Primrose-Street-exterior-2-800x593.jpg)

11 Primrose Street

content/uploads/2021/04/169-Albro-Lake-Road-800x593.jpg)

169 Albro Lake Road

content/uploads/2021/04/23-Crystal-Drive-1-800x593.jpg)

23 Crystal Drive

content/uploads/2021/04/25-Vimy-Ave-1-800x593.jpg)

25 Vimy Avenue

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/57-Main-Avenue-1-800x593.jpg)

57 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/04/58-main-ave-2-800x593.jpg)

58 Main Avenue

content/uploads/2021/12/Hq_4-Photo-e1638980880623.jpeg)

1266 Queen Street

content/uploads/2018/05/IMG_9226-copy-800x593.jpg)

1095 Lucknow Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/05/5636-Fenwick-00001-800x593.jpg)

5636 Fenwick Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/clyde_colour-800x593.jpg)

5484-5486 Clyde Street

![BlackBay Group Inc.](https://blackbaygroup.ca/wp-
content/uploads/2018/03/patrick_colour-800x593.jpg)

2267 Brunswick Street

Next

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * RSS


